0	what does hiv stand for ?
0	what does a&w of root beer fame stand for ?
0	what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
0	what does s.o.s. stand for ?
0	what does nafta stand for ?
1	where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
1	what is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
1	why was washington , dc originally called district of columbia ?
1	what is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
1	why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
1	what are the benefits of home school ?
1	what is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
1	what is the function of the appendix ?
1	why is the grass green ?
1	what is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
1	what does idle mean ?
1	how does an abacus work ?
1	what is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
1	what is the history of yo-yos ?
1	what is nuclear proliferation ?
1	what is a cartesian diver ?
1	what is a virtual ip address ?
1	how do i tie a tie ?
1	what is a caldera ?
1	how do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
1	what do hank aaron , jimmy stewart , and howard k. smith have in common ?
1	what are the seven deadly sins ?
1	where did marijuana come from ?
1	what is hydroelectricity ?
1	how do you do a bibliography page ?
1	what are amphibians ?
1	how do i legally make my own will and testament ?
1	how do i register a trade name in north carolina ?
1	what are some children 's rights ?
1	how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
1	what is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
1	what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of american males ?
1	what is a phalanx ?
1	what is `` alternative '' anymore ?
1	what is e-commerce ?
1	what 's a `` coup de poing '' to a french boxer ?
1	how can a foreigner get a u.s. social security card ?
1	what caused shea & gould to close their l.a. office ?
1	what is a handheld pc ?
1	what happened in the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
1	what is a nanometer ?
1	what is the origin of the word nevermind ?
1	why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
1	why does it snow ?
1	what is a glory hole ?
1	what exactly is radiation ?
1	what is recruitment interview technique ?
1	what are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
1	what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
1	why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
1	why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
1	what does esa-pekka salonen look like ?
1	why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
1	what is nitrox diving ?
1	what is a leper ?
1	what do the names andrew and christina mean ?
1	what is `` dew point '' ?
1	why is the development of space so important ?
1	what is a guild ?
1	what is the peloponnesian league ?
1	what do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
1	what is a jellicle cat ?
1	what does camera-ready art mean ?
1	what caused the lynmouth floods ?
1	what is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
1	what does aaron mean ?
1	what is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
1	what does storm wave mean in japanese ?
1	what are geckos ?
1	how did edith bunker die ?
1	what is the origin of the city `` corpus christi '' ?
1	how is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
1	what is diabetes ?
1	why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
1	why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
1	how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
1	what is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
1	what is time ?
1	what is a portal ?
1	what does hazmat stand for ?
1	how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
1	how successful is arometherapy ?
1	what are amicable numbers ?
1	what do insects do through their spiracles ?
1	what causes pneumonia ?
1	what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ?
1	why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
1	what is the song stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
1	what is a pyrotechnic display ?
1	what is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
1	what is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
1	what are hook worms ?
1	in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
1	how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
1	why are so many umbrellas black ?
1	what do i need to learn to design web pages ?
1	what is the virus hiv ?
1	why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
1	what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ?
1	what are the lyrics to `` smelly cat '' ?
2	what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
2	what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
2	what 's the singular of dice ?
2	what is the trademark of a washington redskin 's fan ?
2	what beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
2	what does a deltiologist collect ?
2	what kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
2	what is the dot on an the letter i called ?
2	stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
2	what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
2	what film was jude law in ?
2	what did vasco da gama discover ?
2	what type of food makes you fat ?
2	what is the alphabet for latin ?
2	what took first prize in omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
2	what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
2	what are the names of all the u.s. navy aircraft carriers ?
2	what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
2	what did esquire name ash hole of the year for 1980 ?
2	what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ?
2	what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
2	what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
2	what 1976 deep throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
2	what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
2	what ernest hemingway novel had the working title fiesta ?
2	what british tv series featured emma peel ?
2	what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
2	aspartame is known by what other name ?
2	what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
2	what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
2	what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
2	what kennedy was married to ethel ?
2	what triple crown-winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
2	what are some translations of the phrase `` thank-you '' ?
2	what is a fear of being cold ?
2	what is the most radioactive food ?
2	what breed of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ?
2	what famous events have happened on march 27 ?
2	what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12
2	what kinds of animals are in cambodia ?
2	what 's the highest possible bid in contract bridge ?
2	what does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
2	what common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
2	what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
2	which operating system runs on ibm-compatible machines ?
2	what did aaron hass write ?
2	how do you say `` grandma '' in irish ?
2	what is the longest word in the english language ?
2	what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ?
2	what songs were popular in 1948 ?
2	what kind of science is cosmology ?
2	what product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
2	what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
2	what soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
2	what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
2	what is november 's birthstone ?
2	what does a tarantula eat ?
2	what is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
2	what plant has the largest seed ?
2	what is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the english language ?
2	what does a phobophobe fear ?
2	name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
2	what did the gas house gang play ?
2	what animals do you find in the stock market ?
2	in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
2	what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
2	what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
2	what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
2	what organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
2	what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
2	to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its success ?
2	what was cash-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ?
2	what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
2	what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
2	what ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
2	what 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
2	what color beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
2	what did martin luther post on the church door at wittenberg ?
2	what race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
2	what are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
2	what is the term for a group of geese ?
2	what is the largest sculpture in the world ?
2	what eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
2	what two animals are specifically mentioned as being in noah 's ark ?
2	what are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
2	what novel has big brother watching ?
2	what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
2	what is kept in fort knox that is so valuable ?
2	what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
2	what is the most common cancer ?
2	what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
2	what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
2	what is a fear of going to bed ?
2	what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
2	what instrument does benny carter play ?
2	what kind of meat is fray bentos synonymous with ?
2	what 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
2	what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
2	what was the sister ship of the olympic ?
2	what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
3	who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ?
3	what female painter produced primitives of rural new england life ?
3	what relative of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight times ?
3	who is stein eriksen ?
3	who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
3	what are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
3	who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ?
3	who won world war ii ?
3	who loved flash gordon besides dale ?
3	with whom did bush compare saddam hussein ?
3	name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
3	who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ?
3	what was the nickname of frederick i , holy roman emperor and king of germany ?
3	what are the names of jack 's original roommates on three 's company ?
3	what hockey team did wayne gretzky play for ?
3	who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
3	who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television show `` saturday night live '' ?
3	who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' films ?
3	who wrote the bestselling missionary travels and researches in south africa , published in 1857 ?
3	name the company that used the line , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
3	what president became chief justice after his presidency ?
3	what 's the name of popeye 's adopted son ?
3	what store does martha stewart advertise for ?
3	who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
3	who wrote the bible ?
3	what feathered cartoon characters do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
3	who was maria theresa ?
3	what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
3	what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met '' ?
3	who was credited with saying : `` i never met a man i did n't like '' ?
3	name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
3	what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ?
3	what ill-fated american general dragged a bull terrier named willie through world war ii ?
3	what school does tom attend in tom brown 's school days ?
3	what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ?
3	name the university of which woodrow wilson was president .
3	who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi uniform ?
3	what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ?
3	who is william wordsworth ?
3	who famously rode to warn the people of massachusetts that the british were coming ?
3	what king is satirized in the line : `` the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
3	what baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
3	what high school does archie attend ?
3	who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
3	what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
3	what is her husband 's name ?
3	who is samuel pickering ?
3	what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spill ?
3	what comic of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
3	what basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
3	what did andy hardy 's father do for a living ?
3	who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
3	name the tree growing company .
3	who was known as the time master in comic books ?
3	what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
3	who was president cleveland 's wife ?
3	what heavyweight boxer was known as the wild bull of the pampas ?
3	who killed jfk ?
3	who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
3	what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
3	who was the bandleader mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
3	who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
3	who is the one independent member of congress ?
3	what monarch signed the magna carta ?
3	what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to rest in africa ?
3	what was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
3	what organization 's offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
3	who created harry lime ?
3	who was the first taiwanese president ?
3	what cherokee indian gave his name to a tree ?
3	who was the first host of person to person ?
3	who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
3	who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ?
3	what is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
3	who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
3	who was quetzalcoatl ?
3	who invented make-up ?
3	rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
3	what is nicholas cage 's occupation ?
3	which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
3	who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
3	what 's the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
3	what famous comic strip character died of acne ?
3	who was charles lindbergh 's wife ?
3	what college enlivens hanover , new hampshire ?
3	what actor starred in 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's the pirate movie and 1983 's a night in heaven ?
3	what is nicholas cage 's profession ?
3	what was the name of the director of the movie `` jaws '' ?
3	what university was woodrow wilson president of ?
3	what does robin williams do ?
3	who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
3	president bush compared saddam hussein to whom ?
3	who is king in alley oop 's home of moo ?
3	who did dita beard work for ?
3	who is the current un secretary general ?
3	what famous new york city mayor wrote the hit song , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
3	who invented baseball ?
3	what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
3	who was the second person ever to wear iron man 's armor ?
3	what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
4	what is new england 's highest mountain ?
4	in what city is the headquarters of sinn fein ?
4	what country did the allies invade in world war ii 's operation avalanche ?
4	name a civil war battlefield .
4	what are the three most populated countries in the world ?
5	how many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
5	how much in miles is a ten k run ?
5	what 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
5	how big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
5	what is the average hours per months spent online by aol users ?
