0	cnn is the abbreviation for what ?
0	what does bmw stand for ?
0	what does sids stand for ?
0	what does nasa stand for ?
0	what does the abbreviation ioc stand for ?
0	what does the channel espn stand for ?
0	what is the abbreviation of the national bureau of investigation ?
0	what does the word laser mean ?
0	what is lmds ?
1	what exactly is radiation ?
1	what is recruitment interview technique ?
1	what are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
1	what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
1	why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
1	why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
1	what does esa-pekka salonen look like ?
1	why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
1	what is nitrox diving ?
1	what is a leper ?
1	what do the names andrew and christina mean ?
1	what is `` dew point '' ?
1	why is the development of space so important ?
1	what is a guild ?
1	what is the peloponnesian league ?
1	what do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
1	what is a jellicle cat ?
1	what does camera-ready art mean ?
1	what caused the lynmouth floods ?
1	what is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
1	what does aaron mean ?
1	what is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
1	what does storm wave mean in japanese ?
1	what are geckos ?
1	how did edith bunker die ?
1	what is the origin of the city `` corpus christi '' ?
1	how is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
1	what is diabetes ?
1	why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
1	why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
1	how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
1	what is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
1	what is time ?
1	what is a portal ?
1	what does hazmat stand for ?
1	how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
1	how successful is arometherapy ?
1	what are amicable numbers ?
1	what do insects do through their spiracles ?
1	what causes pneumonia ?
1	what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ?
1	why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
1	what is the song stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
1	what is a pyrotechnic display ?
1	what is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
1	what is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
1	what are hook worms ?
1	in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
1	how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
1	why are so many umbrellas black ?
1	what do i need to learn to design web pages ?
1	what is the virus hiv ?
1	why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
1	what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ?
1	what are the lyrics to `` smelly cat '' ?
1	what are a baseball team 's firemen ?
1	why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
1	colin powell is famous for what ?
1	how can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
1	how did bob marley die ?
1	what is a jake brake ?
1	what is a philanthropist ?
1	why do people get calluses ?
1	why are there braille things on the atm machines that people drive through ?
1	what does the word `` opera '' mean ?
1	what does n est-ce pas mean ?
1	what makes popcorn pop ?
1	what is swap math ?
1	what is the difference between love and infatuation ?
1	how do i love thee ?
1	how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ?
1	what is platinum ?
1	why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
1	how can i register my website in yahoo for free ?
1	what category does the color pink denote in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition ?
1	what is the design of the ship titanic ?
1	what is spumante ?
1	how do i make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
1	what is humidity ?
1	how can i get rich quick ?
1	what is compaq 's mission statement ?
1	what is porphyria ?
1	what is the aim-54c phoenix ?
1	what does an echidna look like ?
1	what does inuit and eskimo mean ?
1	what are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
1	what is the origin of infinity ?
1	what was the v-8 juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
1	what does elysium mean ?
1	what does the dot on the letter i mean ?
1	what is a common dolphin ?
1	what is a urologist ?
1	how you can raise your iq ?
1	what are cobol , fortran , and pascal ?
1	how do you make a computer chip ?
1	what is a neurosurgeon ?
1	what does the term glory hole mean ?
1	what is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
1	what is a stratocaster ?
1	how would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
1	what is typhoid fever ?
1	define cosmology .
1	what is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ? ''
1	what is a bourdon tube ?
1	what is the order of the arrow in boy scouts ?
1	what is a drought ?
1	what is toulmin logic ?
1	what 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
1	how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
1	how did jayne mansfield die ?
1	what are field effect transistors ?
1	what is a courier ?
1	what 's the setting of john le carre 's a small town in germany ?
1	how do you measure the heat of the sun ?
1	what will the weather be today ?
1	how can you be happy ?
1	what is the kashmir issue ?
2	what beer is ` rockin ' america ? ''
2	in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ?
2	what was lost and regained by poet john milton ?
2	what is a synonym for aspartame ?
2	what nuclear-powered russian submarine sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
2	what 's the no. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
2	what was the first domesticated bird ?
2	what 's the slowest olympic swimming stroke ?
2	what is the full classification of a lady bug ?
2	the jewish alphabet is known as what ?
2	what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ?
2	what kind of creatures are the canary islands named for ?
2	what was the distinguishing mark on the `` little rascals '' dog ?
2	what is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
2	what kind of creature is a coot ?
2	what is a film starring jude law ?
2	what are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
2	what famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
2	what is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
2	what is the name given to the islamic counterpart of the red cross ?
2	what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
2	what device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
2	what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
2	what animal has been called the poor man 's cow ?
2	garry kasparov plays what game ?
2	what do camels store in their humps ?
2	in what film did steven spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
2	stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
2	what are the historical trials following world war ii called ?
2	what are the various ways in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ?
2	what future movie treat was introduced to american colonists in 1603 by native americans ?
2	what stephen sondheim ballad ends : `` well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
2	what 's the most popular form of gambling with women in las vegas ?
2	what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
2	what are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
2	what does caliente translate to in english ?
2	in what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
2	what color tennis balls are used at wimbledon ?
2	what is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
2	what marx brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
2	what is the longest-running television series ?
2	winnie the pooh is what kind of animal ?
2	what did englishman john hawkins begin selling to new world colonists in 1562 ?
2	which mosquito 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
2	name a film that has won the golden bear in the berlin film festival ?
2	what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
2	what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
2	name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics .
2	what musical instrument did sherlock holmes play ?
2	what does a chiropodist treat ?
2	name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
2	what is the best-selling book of all time ?
2	what 's the green variety of beryl called ?
2	what rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
2	what tv series featured neal , a martini-drinking st. bernard ?
2	what non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
2	what magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
2	jude law was in what movie ?
2	what is ray bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
2	what video format was an alternative to vhs ?
2	what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
2	what color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
2	what soft drink tells us to `` go hawaiian '' ?
2	what product did william horlick discover and produce ?
2	what spice do chefs pay the most for ?
2	what animal occurs in spielberg 's `` jaws '' ?
2	what was the name of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
2	what kind of animals were in the paleozoic era ?
2	what term does a czech use to describe a pole ?
2	what color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
2	what two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
2	what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
2	what award is the `` oscar '' of advertising ?
2	what was spawned the term `` mig alley '' ?
2	what are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
2	what is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
2	what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
2	which airplane was fawaz younis convicted of hijacking ?
2	what playing card symbolizes death ?
2	what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the book stirred-not shaken ?
2	the jewish alphabet is called what ?
2	what animal has the biggest eyes ?
2	what is the plural of gulf ?
2	what is the largest snake in the world ?
2	who was the first animal into space ?
2	what is shirley maclaine known as ?
2	what sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
2	what common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
2	what soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
2	what were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
2	what are the two largest birds on earth ?
2	what film marked robert redford 's directorial debut ?
2	what are the 10 plagues of egypt ?
2	what 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the u.s. ?
2	what vehicles are raced in the tour de france ?
2	what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
2	what is a fear of black people ?
2	what does a chef coddle eggs in ?
2	what is a fear of rejection ?
2	what was the education system in the 1960 's ?
2	what war did the potsdam conference follow ?
2	what did woody allen call the japanese gangster film he dubbed into english as a comedy ?
2	what were the trials called which followed world war ii ?
2	name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
2	what 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign gemini ?
2	what is a fear of slime ?
2	what letter adorns the flag of rwanda ?
2	what did british companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
2	what flower did vincent van gogh paint ?
2	what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
2	what did mr. magoo flog on tv for general electric ?
2	what is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
2	what is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
2	what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
2	what trophy is awarded to the winners of the super bowl ?
2	what 's the only color johnny cash wears on stage ?
2	what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
2	what did the pyramid-builders of egypt mainly eat ?
2	what constitutes an adult ?
2	what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
2	what was the name of hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
2	what is the movie jonathan livingstone seagull ?
2	what are some important events of the 1830 's ?
2	what is nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
2	what muhammad ali maneuver was george foreman the first victim of ?
3	what major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
3	what tv detective did craig stevens play ?
3	what pulitzer prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of new york city ?
3	what mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome '' ?
3	who were the five marx brothers ?
3	what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
3	what 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
3	what is larry king 's occupation ?
3	who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
3	who wrote `` much ado about nothing '' ?
3	whom did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died ?
3	who invented the fax machine ?
3	what army 's motto is blood and fire ?
3	what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
3	who is the antichrist ?
3	who invented the road traffic cone ?
3	what are the five most popular usenet groups ?
3	who was in death of a salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
3	who was the first holy roman emperor ?
3	who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
3	who was randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
3	who portrayed george m. cohan in 1942 's yankee doodle dandy ?
3	who wrote the farmer 's almanac ?
3	name the marvel team loosely based on dc 's justice league of america ?
3	who runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
3	what is michael jackson 's father 's name ?
3	what part did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america ?
3	what dumb-but-loveable character did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ?
3	what camera company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
3	what texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
3	who invented the fountain ?
3	who co-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
3	who manufactures the software , `` photoshop '' ?
3	who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
3	who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
3	who was santos-dumont ?
3	who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
3	what company was the original sponsor of tv 's superman ?
3	what president lived at 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
3	what 's the most common nickname of u.s. college football teams ?
3	what college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
3	what schools in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn .
3	what was marilyn monroe 's real name ?
3	name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the old west .
3	what south african producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
3	who was the charlie perfume woman ?
3	what are the characters ' names in the scooby-doo cartoon ?
3	which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball at ?
3	what russian composer 's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and fortune ?
3	what famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
3	what american won the world grand prix driving championship in 1978 ?
3	who accompanied space ghost on his missions ?
3	name the two blob members of the animated herculoids .
3	who wrote the collector ?
3	what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
3	who founded the modern theory of probability ?
3	who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
3	who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
3	which vietnamese terrorist is now a un delegate in doonesbury ?
3	what was the first u.s.-based team in the nhl ?
3	what female suspect in the game of clue is single ?
3	who won the rugby world cup in ?
3	who is the president of the spanish government ?
3	who sings angel eyes from the 80 's ?
3	what singer 's theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
3	which of the following was rhodes scholar ?
3	who was the original humpty dumpty ?
3	who was the star witness at the senate watergate hearings ?
3	who won the 1968 california democratic primary ?
3	what spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
3	what cigarette company urged us , `` come to where the flavor is ? ''
3	who was the accused in the trial of the century , which opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
3	who is the president of pergament ?
3	who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
3	who are the challengers of the unknown ?
3	who is the prime minister of australia ?
3	who played al jolson in the jolson story ?
3	what isps exist in the caribbean ?
3	who invented the horoscope ?
3	which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
3	who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
3	what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
3	name a ballet company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
3	who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ?
3	what attorneys work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
3	who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
3	who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ?
3	what was american folk hero john chapman 's nickname ?
3	what group starred in the movie rock around the clock ?
3	what dictator has the nickname `` el maximo '' ?
3	name dick tracy 's two children .
3	when called upon to surrender , what american general replied , `` sir , i have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
3	what 's the name of tom sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
3	what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
3	what famed clown appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
3	who were the 1974 oscar winners ?
3	who was ezra taft benson ?
3	which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
3	the major league baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ?
3	what woman pitcher has struck out ted williams and hank aaron ?
3	what mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
3	what is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
3	who is john macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
3	what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
3	what hard-of hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
3	who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
3	what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became queen of england ?
3	whose autobiography is titled yes i can ?
3	who is luke skywalker 's father ?
3	who tramped through florida looking for the fountain of youth ?
3	what 's japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
3	who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
3	who wrote the red badge of courage ?
3	who is snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
3	who was the 16th president of the united states ?
3	who portrayed fatman in the television show , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
3	who asked you to do the loco-motion with her in 1962 ?
3	when mighty mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
3	what 's the most common surname in america ?
3	who is edmund kemper ?
3	what was the christian name of the title character in our miss brooks ?
3	what 19th-century painter died in the marquesas islands ?
3	who was buffalo bill ?
4	what cathedral was thomas becket murdered in ?
4	where is natick ?
4	what countries does the mont blanc tunnel join ?
4	where was the first zoo in the u.s. ?
4	what country 's people are the top television watchers ?
4	what city 's the kickoff point for climbs of mount everest ?
4	what famed river was hernando de soto the first european to see ?
4	what famed london criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
4	where can i find an ask an expert site ?
4	where is former pro wrestler johnny `` rubber man '' walker ?
4	what two states is washington d.c. between ?
4	where can i find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
4	what state produces the best lobster to eat ?
4	where can i find the history of the hungarian language ?
4	the orange bowl is in what city ?
4	what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ?
4	jackson pollock is of what nationality ?
4	where is the orinoco ?
4	where is kings canyon ?
4	what city has the world 's longest subway system ?
4	where is there information on the novel `` el cid '' ?
4	what is the capital of burkina faso ?
4	where can i find out the top 1 singles ?
4	what body of water does the danube river flow into ?
4	what state does charles robb represent ?
4	where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
4	what lake is the source of the white nile ?
4	where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
4	what was the highest mountain on earth before mount everest was discovered ?
4	what desert has the highest sand dunes ?
4	where did george of the jungle live ?
4	what united states city produces the most oil ?
4	what two south american countries do n't border brazil ?
4	what south american city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
4	what is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
4	what country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
4	where is the bridge over the river kwai ?
4	where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
4	what ocean surrounds the maldive islands ?
4	where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
4	what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ?
4	what country is famous for persian rugs ?
4	what desert country borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
4	where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's brothers and sisters ?
4	what is the u.s. location of procter & gamble corporate offices ?
4	what london museum features a chamber of horrors ?
4	where are diamonds mined ?
4	what famed river flows through bagdad ?
4	where were the 196 summer olympics held ?
4	what city is found in the city of oz ?
4	where can you find the venus flytrap ?
4	where 's the gum department store ?
4	what u.s. state is dixville notch in ?
4	where is south bend ?
4	what city did the flintstones live in ?
4	where is the world championship sled dog race held each february ?
4	where was poe born ?
4	what asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
4	what strait links the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
4	what is the address of the famous mexican star `` thalia '' ?
4	what 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
4	what country has been called the queen of the antilles ?
4	what city is graced by the arch of titus ?
4	what state has the longest great lakes shoreline ?
4	where can i find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
4	what country is the setting for edgar allan poe 's the pit and the pendulum ?
4	where did dikembe mutombo go to college ?
4	where is logan airport ?
4	the orange bowl is located in what city ?
4	where did the maya people live ?
4	where is trinidad ?
4	where does the opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
4	what is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
4	where can i find a case on americans with disabilities act of 199 ?
4	what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ?
4	where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
4	what country do the galapagos islands belong to ?
4	what country contains the highest point in south america ?
4	what are the four largest mountain ranges on the asian continent ?
4	when superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
4	where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
4	what country , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u.s. ?
4	where is the highest point in japan ?
4	what is the most useful site on the internet ?
5	what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
5	how many times more than 3
5	how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` around the world '' ?
5	how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
5	what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell 's tomato soup ?
5	how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
5	how much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
5	what will the increase be in the california gas tax by 2000 ?
5	how many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
5	how many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
5	in what year was actress joan collins born ?
5	how many john deere tractors have been manufactured ?
5	how many people hike ?
5	what is the busiest air travel season ?
5	what is the population in india ?
5	how many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
5	how many mountains have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
5	how many leos have been pope ?
5	what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
5	what ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
5	in what year did thatcher become prime minister ?
5	what time does wee willie winkie run through the town ?
5	how many oceans are there and name them ?
5	what is the population of japan ?
5	what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
5	how many years is johnnie walker black label aged ?
5	how many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
5	in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
5	how many dogs pull a sled in the iditarod ?
5	how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
5	how many real fruit juices are there in a can of hawaiian punch ?
5	how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ?
5	how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
5	when was the slinky invented ?
5	when is the thai new year ?
5	how many consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ?
5	in what year was de gaulle elected president of france ?
5	how much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
5	what percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
5	approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
5	how many people did randy craft murder ?
5	what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
5	when did french revolutionaries storm the bastille ?
5	what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
5	how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
5	how fast can a corvette go ?
5	what date did man first land on the moon ?
5	when did nostradamus believe world war iii would begin ?
5	when was microsoft established ?
5	what are the shoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
5	when was christ born ?
5	how old is singer freedy johnston ?
5	what will the california gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
5	what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
5	how many bones are in the human hand ?
5	what year was the atm first introduced ?
5	how fast is a 45mhz processor ?
5	when did the art of quilting begin ?
5	how many people did randy craft kill ?
5	how many horses are there on a polo team ?
5	how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
5	what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
5	when was dubai 's first concrete house built ?
5	how much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
5	what season is the setting for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
5	what is the population of mozambique ?
5	what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ?
5	how many varieties of twins are there ?
5	what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
5	how old is the sun ?
5	what is the weight of air ?
5	what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
5	what 's the population of biloxi , mississippi ?
5	by how much will the california state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
5	how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
5	how old is the universe ?
5	in what year did thatcher gain power ?
5	when was the last major eruption of mount st. helens ?
5	what 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
5	when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
5	what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
5	how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ?
5	what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
5	how far can you see ?
5	how many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
5	how many characters are in the chinese alphabet ?
5	how many wings does a flea have ?
5	when did charles lindbergh die ?
5	how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
5	how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl clock ?
