what does hiv stand for ?
what does a&w of root beer fame stand for ?
what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
what does s.o.s. stand for ?
what does nafta stand for ?
where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
what is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
why was washington , dc originally called district of columbia ?
what is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
what are the benefits of home school ?
what is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
what is the function of the appendix ?
why is the grass green ?
what is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
what does idle mean ?
how does an abacus work ?
what is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
what is the history of yo-yos ?
what is nuclear proliferation ?
what is a cartesian diver ?
what is a virtual ip address ?
how do i tie a tie ?
what is a caldera ?
how do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
what do hank aaron , jimmy stewart , and howard k. smith have in common ?
what are the seven deadly sins ?
where did marijuana come from ?
what is hydroelectricity ?
how do you do a bibliography page ?
what are amphibians ?
how do i legally make my own will and testament ?
how do i register a trade name in north carolina ?
what are some children 's rights ?
how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
what is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of american males ?
what is a phalanx ?
what is `` alternative '' anymore ?
what is e-commerce ?
what 's a `` coup de poing '' to a french boxer ?
how can a foreigner get a u.s. social security card ?
what caused shea & gould to close their l.a. office ?
what is a handheld pc ?
what happened in the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what is a nanometer ?
what is the origin of the word nevermind ?
why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
why does it snow ?
what is a glory hole ?
what exactly is radiation ?
what is recruitment interview technique ?
what are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
what does esa-pekka salonen look like ?
why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
what is nitrox diving ?
what is a leper ?
what do the names andrew and christina mean ?
what is `` dew point '' ?
why is the development of space so important ?
what is a guild ?
what is the peloponnesian league ?
what do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
what is a jellicle cat ?
what does camera-ready art mean ?
what caused the lynmouth floods ?
what is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
what does aaron mean ?
what is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
what does storm wave mean in japanese ?
what are geckos ?
how did edith bunker die ?
what is the origin of the city `` corpus christi '' ?
how is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
what is diabetes ?
why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
what is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
what is time ?
what is a portal ?
what does hazmat stand for ?
how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
how successful is arometherapy ?
what are amicable numbers ?
what do insects do through their spiracles ?
what causes pneumonia ?
what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ?
why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
what is the song stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
what is a pyrotechnic display ?
what is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
what is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
what are hook worms ?
in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
why are so many umbrellas black ?
what do i need to learn to design web pages ?
what is the virus hiv ?
why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ?
what are the lyrics to `` smelly cat '' ?
what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
what 's the singular of dice ?
what is the trademark of a washington redskin 's fan ?
what beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
what does a deltiologist collect ?
what kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
what is the dot on an the letter i called ?
stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
what film was jude law in ?
what did vasco da gama discover ?
what type of food makes you fat ?
what is the alphabet for latin ?
what took first prize in omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
what are the names of all the u.s. navy aircraft carriers ?
what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
what did esquire name ash hole of the year for 1980 ?
what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ?
what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
what 1976 deep throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
what ernest hemingway novel had the working title fiesta ?
what british tv series featured emma peel ?
what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
aspartame is known by what other name ?
what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
what kennedy was married to ethel ?
what triple crown-winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
what are some translations of the phrase `` thank-you '' ?
what is a fear of being cold ?
what is the most radioactive food ?
what breed of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ?
what famous events have happened on march 27 ?
what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12
what kinds of animals are in cambodia ?
what 's the highest possible bid in contract bridge ?
what does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
what common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
which operating system runs on ibm-compatible machines ?
what did aaron hass write ?
how do you say `` grandma '' in irish ?
what is the longest word in the english language ?
what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ?
what songs were popular in 1948 ?
what kind of science is cosmology ?
what product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
what is november 's birthstone ?
what does a tarantula eat ?
what is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
what plant has the largest seed ?
what is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the english language ?
what does a phobophobe fear ?
name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
what did the gas house gang play ?
what animals do you find in the stock market ?
in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
what organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its success ?
what was cash-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ?
what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
what ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
what 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
what color beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
what did martin luther post on the church door at wittenberg ?
what race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
what are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
what is the term for a group of geese ?
what is the largest sculpture in the world ?
what eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
what two animals are specifically mentioned as being in noah 's ark ?
what are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
what novel has big brother watching ?
what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
what is kept in fort knox that is so valuable ?
what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
what is the most common cancer ?
what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
what is a fear of going to bed ?
what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
what instrument does benny carter play ?
what kind of meat is fray bentos synonymous with ?
what 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
what was the sister ship of the olympic ?
what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ?
what female painter produced primitives of rural new england life ?
what relative of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight times ?
who is stein eriksen ?
who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
what are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ?
who won world war ii ?
who loved flash gordon besides dale ?
with whom did bush compare saddam hussein ?
name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ?
what was the nickname of frederick i , holy roman emperor and king of germany ?
what are the names of jack 's original roommates on three 's company ?
what hockey team did wayne gretzky play for ?
who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television show `` saturday night live '' ?
who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' films ?
who wrote the bestselling missionary travels and researches in south africa , published in 1857 ?
name the company that used the line , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
what president became chief justice after his presidency ?
what 's the name of popeye 's adopted son ?
what store does martha stewart advertise for ?
who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
who wrote the bible ?
what feathered cartoon characters do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
who was maria theresa ?
what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met '' ?
who was credited with saying : `` i never met a man i did n't like '' ?
name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ?
what ill-fated american general dragged a bull terrier named willie through world war ii ?
what school does tom attend in tom brown 's school days ?
what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ?
name the university of which woodrow wilson was president .
who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi uniform ?
what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ?
who is william wordsworth ?
who famously rode to warn the people of massachusetts that the british were coming ?
what king is satirized in the line : `` the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
what baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
what high school does archie attend ?
who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
what is her husband 's name ?
who is samuel pickering ?
what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spill ?
what comic of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
what basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
what did andy hardy 's father do for a living ?
who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
name the tree growing company .
who was known as the time master in comic books ?
what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
who was president cleveland 's wife ?
what heavyweight boxer was known as the wild bull of the pampas ?
who killed jfk ?
who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
who was the bandleader mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
who is the one independent member of congress ?
what monarch signed the magna carta ?
what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to rest in africa ?
what was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
what organization 's offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
who created harry lime ?
who was the first taiwanese president ?
what cherokee indian gave his name to a tree ?
who was the first host of person to person ?
who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ?
what is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
who was quetzalcoatl ?
who invented make-up ?
rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
what is nicholas cage 's occupation ?
which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
what 's the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
what famous comic strip character died of acne ?
who was charles lindbergh 's wife ?
what college enlivens hanover , new hampshire ?
what actor starred in 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's the pirate movie and 1983 's a night in heaven ?
what is nicholas cage 's profession ?
what was the name of the director of the movie `` jaws '' ?
what university was woodrow wilson president of ?
what does robin williams do ?
who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
president bush compared saddam hussein to whom ?
who is king in alley oop 's home of moo ?
who did dita beard work for ?
who is the current un secretary general ?
what famous new york city mayor wrote the hit song , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
who invented baseball ?
what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
who was the second person ever to wear iron man 's armor ?
what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
what is new england 's highest mountain ?
in what city is the headquarters of sinn fein ?
what country did the allies invade in world war ii 's operation avalanche ?
name a civil war battlefield .
what are the three most populated countries in the world ?
how many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
how much in miles is a ten k run ?
what 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
how big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
what is the average hours per months spent online by aol users ?
