0	what is ioc an abbreviation of ?
0	what is the abbreviation of the company name ` general motors ' ?
0	what does ekg stand for ?
0	what does nasdaq stand for ?
0	what is deet ?
0	what is rcd ?
0	what is ram in the computer ?
0	what is the abbreviated form of the national bureau of investigation ?
0	what does ms. , miss , and mrs. stand for ?
0	what does iq stand for ?
1	what are bear and bull markets ?
1	how can sql queries be improved ?
1	what is cabarnet sauvignon ?
1	how is silk screening done ?
1	what does choo choo charlie say ?
1	for what reason did the shea & gould law firm close their l.a. office ?
1	what ever happened to the once popular yale lock company ?
1	what is the difference between the koran and the bible ?
1	what is magnetar ?
1	what is a mexican hairless ?
1	how can i find out how much income tax is paid on social security income on the 1998 income tax ?
1	what is doegs ?
1	what is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
1	what is the history of buffalo chicken wings ?
1	how do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
1	what is the origin of the proverb `` a stitch in time saves nine '' ?
1	what is thalassemia ?
1	what does caliente mean , in english ?
1	why are the rooftops in canada green ?
1	how do chickens have baby chicks ?
1	what are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
1	how do you stop junk snail mail ?
1	what is `` vocal sampling '' ?
1	what is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
1	what 's the staff of life mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
1	what is saltpeter ?
1	why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
1	what is a heuristic ?
1	what is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
1	what is sound ?
1	what is tetrinet ?
1	how does a parachute work ?
1	what is candlemas day ?
1	how did the tradition of best man start ?
1	what is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
1	what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
1	why do girls have to wear training bras ?
1	how can i find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
1	what is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
1	how do i contact answers.com direct ?
1	what is the literal meaning of `` d-day '' ?
1	how do you match a name to a social security number ?
1	what 's the difference between j.d. and ll.m. ?
1	what is osteichthyes ?
1	what does verdandi mean ?
1	why were people recruited for the vietnam war ?
1	what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
1	what is the highest roman numeral ?
1	what is the history of the hairdryer ?
1	what made jane goodall famous ?
1	what is multimedia ?
1	what was the effect of the yalta conference ?
1	why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
1	what is usenet for the internet ?
1	what is the origin of the word ozymandias ?
1	what is making love ?
1	what is colin powell best known for ?
1	what is the c programming language ?
1	what is the difference between khaki and chino ?
1	how do i get my lan card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a hub ?
1	what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr. pepper bottles ?
1	what was the living room war ?
1	what is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
1	what is a chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
1	what is the secret of the universe ?
1	what is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
1	what else has the swastika stood for ?
1	what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
1	why are the ears your center of balance ?
1	what is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
1	what did richard feynman say upon hearing he would receive the nobel prize in physics ?
1	how do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
1	what 's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
1	what happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
1	what makes a tornado turn ?
1	what is boston kreme ?
1	what is the meaning of the name ella ?
1	how can i get my product licensed by the nba ?
1	how can i look up someone 's e-mail address on the internet ?
1	what was the claim to fame of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
1	what happened to phillip taylor kramer ?
1	what is the gay science ?
1	what makes sperm ?
1	what is hebephrenia ?
1	how did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
1	how is the element strontium purified ?
1	what is measured in curies ?
1	what are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
1	what caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the united nations general assembly ?
1	what happens when a body part falls asleep ?
1	how did the u.s. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the spanish-american war ?
1	what is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
1	what is the cause of endangered species ?
1	why is microsoft 's windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
1	what is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
1	how does a hydroelectric dam work ?
1	what personality traits are capricorns said to have ?
1	how does hair curl ?
1	what must a las vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
1	what is the origin of thank you notes ?
1	how does cos cob , ct get its name ?
1	what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
1	why is hockey so violent ?
1	what causes rust ?
1	what is idealab ! ?
1	colin powell is best known for what achievement ?
1	why did egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
1	what is the definition of cecum ?
1	how can i get a cct diagram ?
1	what is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
1	in my antonia , how is mr. shimerda out of place on the farm ?
1	why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
1	how do boats float ?
1	what was the proper laugh-in respones to : `` say goodnight , dick '' ?
1	where does `` bovine '' come from ?
1	what is an annotated bibliography ?
1	what are cushman and wakefield known for ?
1	what is an angelus ?
1	what is a firewall ?
1	what does the word terrorism mean ?
1	how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opponent of the swamp thing ?
1	how do hermit crabs reproduce ?
1	what is a storm surge ?
1	what is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
1	what did mighty mouse always sing as he went into action ?
1	what is lung cancer ?
1	what is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
1	what would happen to canada if quebec separated ?
1	what will happen when sodium is put in water ?
1	how do they produce vitamins ?
1	how do i know how much money to save for retirement ?
1	what is `` nine inch nails '' ?
1	what are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
1	what is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
1	how do i start a bank ?
1	why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
1	what is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
1	how is an executioner determined ?
1	how do you get dates with the `` hooters '' girls ?
1	how do you find the area of a circle ?
1	how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared detectors ?
1	what does the greek word polis mean , as in minneapolis ?
1	what is the difference between new york-style and chicago-style pizza ?
1	why is microsoft 's windows 3 software so successful ?
1	how does lightning travel ?
1	what does an emperor do ?
1	what was the first funk 'n lata , brazilian group , success ?
1	what is the socratic method ?
1	what is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
1	how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga adapter ?
1	how do storms form ?
1	what motto ended merrie melodies cartoons ?
1	why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
1	what are maid-rites ?
1	what are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
1	how do you buy stocks ?
1	how does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
1	what is the meaning of thalassemia ?
1	what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
1	what function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
1	what is a wart ?
1	what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
1	what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
1	how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
1	what is the nursery rhyme rock-a-by baby about ?
1	why was the l.a. office of shea and gould closed ?
1	how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
1	what is garry kasparov famous for ?
1	what is the history of `` the toast '' ?
1	what are pomegranates ?
1	what does seccession mean ?
1	what is margaret thatcher known for ?
1	how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
1	what is a swatch ?
1	what is a certified nurse midwife ?
1	what were the three prophecies the witches make to macbeth ?
1	what 's an auberge in france ?
1	what is the highest roman numeral ?
1	how do ants have sex ?
1	what is an arab strap ?
1	how can people from ireland come to the u.s. , work , and then return to ireland ?
1	what was al capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
1	what is hyperopia ?
1	what makes thunder ?
1	what is home banking ?
1	what features of the african elephant are larger than those of the indian elephant ?
1	what is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
1	what are the words to the cd eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
1	how do wasps make their nests ?
1	what is thermal equilibrium ?
1	what are fortune 500 companies ?
1	how does general mills manufacture cheerios ?
1	how did peabody and sherman travel through time ?
1	how do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
1	what does the georgetown `` hoya '' mean ?
1	what is deconstructionism ?
1	why is jane goodall famous ?
1	how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ?
1	how did lee harvey oswald purchase his rifle ?
1	what do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
1	what is gymnophobia ?
1	what does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
1	what is java ?
1	what is a tonne ?
1	what 's the difference between tft and dual-scan display ?
1	what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
1	what is the origin of the word , jj .
1	why did the anglican church split from the vatican ?
1	how can i find out my moon sign ?
1	what causes asthma ?
1	what causes panic attacks ?
1	what is office automation ?
1	why do men snore ?
1	how do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
1	why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
1	what are tannins ?
1	why do you say `` god bless you '' when people sneeze ?
1	what is d.b. cooper known for ?
1	how can i get someone 's phone number if i only have their screen name ?
1	where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
1	what was an `` asiento '' ?
1	why are organ transplants more successful today ?
1	what effect does a prism have on light ?
1	why is thanksgiving on a thursday ?
1	how can someone become a federal agent ?
1	how is the element strontium purified ?
1	what is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
1	how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
1	what is so powerful about power bars ?
1	what are perfect tenses ?
1	how do i find a web address for a company ?
1	what is federal income tax ?
1	how does the car in `` christine '' become possessed ?
1	what is the origin of the word , magic ?
1	what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
1	why did europeans first come to australia and oceania ?
1	what 's the meaning of the name tatiana ?
1	what do the 12 days of christmas mean ?
1	what do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
1	what is the history of hot wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
1	what is remembrance day all about ?
1	what does appropriates money mean ?
1	what will a compass do in outer space ?
1	what was the importance of magellan ?
1	what 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
1	why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
1	what is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
1	what is the largest variety of cactus ?
1	what is meant by blood sed rate ?
1	what happened to answers.com ?
1	why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
1	how has tv affected our society ?
1	why is rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
1	define spumante .
1	what does e=mc2 mean ?
1	what is the origin of the name igor ?
1	what is color ?
1	how is saline used in medicine ?
1	what is `` the washed vodka '' ?
1	what is tumbled marble ?
1	how do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
1	what causes tuberculosis ?
1	what causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
1	what is literary criticism ?
1	what is ethology ?
1	what are the alveoli ?
1	how do i increase my biceps ' size ?
1	what is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
1	why was curious george curious ?
1	why was muhammad ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
1	what do caroll baker , tammy grimes , debbie reynolds , and judy garland all have in common ?
1	what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
1	where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
1	how can i find out what year a beanie baby was introduced ?
1	how do you make dumplings ?
1	how do you select wine ?
1	how can i enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
1	how did socrates die ?
1	what made the finger lakes in western new york state ?
1	what makes you fat ?
1	how do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
1	how do i log on to home page at headquarters u.s. european command ?
1	why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
1	what did john hinckley do to impress jodie foster ?
1	what is a leaky heart valve ?
1	what is pandoro ?
1	what does the name melissa mean ?
1	what are liver enzymes ?
1	what is the purpose of a car bra ?
1	what do japanese school uniforms look like ?
1	what causes rust ?
1	how do i find info about rice importers in the world ?
1	what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
1	how do companies cut paper so thin ?
1	what are some fun things to do in cozumel , mexico for teenagers ?
1	what have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
1	what is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
1	how do you handle a hungry man ?
1	how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
1	what is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
1	how does a scientific calculator work ?
1	what does laser stand for ?
1	what were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
1	what is hypnotherapy ?
1	what is the history of the soft drink mr. pibb ?
1	why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
1	what is `` chicago hope '' ?
1	what is proposition 98 about ?
1	how did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
1	what is a multiplexer ?
1	what is jane goodall famous for ?
1	what is the definition of a cascade ?
1	how do you do a topic outline ?
1	what is the medical condition of hypertension ?
1	how does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
1	what is the origin of the surname of braun ?
1	what are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
1	what is the origin of music ?
1	what is the root of all evil ?
1	what are the living conditions in cuba ?
1	how do i sing like elvis presley ?
1	where do chihuahuas come from ?
1	how can i trace my family roots ?
1	how does the chain of command work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
1	how does salt melt ice and snow ?
1	what is the bernoulli principle ?
1	how did water appear on the earth ?
1	what is idealab ! ?
1	what is the vdrl test of blood ?
1	why is indiglo called indiglo ?
1	why do movie and tv stars get paid so much ?
1	what do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
1	what happened in the long march ?
1	what does the name jenna mean ?
1	what is a biologist ?
1	how is bubble wrap made ?
1	what is a mathematical factor ?
1	what causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
1	how do you recognize anorexia ?
1	what makes black hills , south dakota a tourist attraction ?
1	why is black the color of mourning in the west ?
1	how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
1	how is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
1	what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
1	what is a gandy dancer ?
1	what happened to pepsi clear ?
1	how can i find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
1	how was the element calcium named ?
1	what is power steering ?
1	what are maid-rites ?
1	what is the meaning of `` cpr '' ?
1	what is titanium ?
1	why is poop sometimes different colors ?
1	what is crabgrass ?
1	how is answers.com different from knowpost.com ?
1	what does venus retrograde mean ?
1	how do i do this ?
1	what facial feature did walt disney sport that none of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
1	what are the most common causes of death in the u.s. ?
1	what is capitalism according to max weber ?
1	what is the `` global economy '' ?
1	what does `` e pluribus unum '' on the penny mean ?
1	what does the name gina mean ?
1	what problems contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
1	what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
1	why didn 't european colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
1	what is the definition of hazmat ?
1	how do plants make food ?
1	what is the meaning of the name kathryn ?
1	what is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
1	what is a dangling participle ?
1	what is the difference between optical and digital video ?
1	where did the name root beer come from ?
1	what is limbo ?
1	what is god ?
1	how come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
1	what is spaceball played on ?
1	what is the 401 , k , plan ?
1	what are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
1	what 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
1	why are haunted houses popular ?
1	what was the filling in the first golf balls ?
1	what is a plant supplement ?
1	what do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
1	how did the great depression affect japan 's history ?
1	what is troilism ?
1	how do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
1	what is film noir ?
1	what exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
1	what is the chemiosmotic theory ?
1	what is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
1	what are the lyrics to the star spangled banner ?
1	what is the origin of the first name ` breony ' ?
1	what is head start ?
1	what is the origin of the word `` teddy bear '' ?
1	what causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
1	what are manifest and latent function theories ?
1	what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry : ad arma , ad arma .
1	what is a caul ?
1	what is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
1	how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
1	what is the meaning of w.b. yeat 's poem , `` the three hermits ? ''
1	what is different about the red and black fox ?
1	what does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
1	what is the amish religion ?
1	what is the origin of `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
1	what was the infamous feat of germany 's u-2 submarine ?
1	what is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
1	what is srpska krajina ?
1	how can i search for a word within my own webpage ?
1	what is the executor in a will ?
1	what does the name billie mean ?
1	how do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
1	what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
1	what effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
1	why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
1	what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ?
1	what is pasta ?
1	what is the definition of spamming ?
1	how do they find an epicenter ?
1	what are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in california ?
1	what is the circumorbital hematoma ?
1	what is leukemia ?
1	what is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
1	what is the difference between college and graduate school ?
1	why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
1	why are there olives in martinis ?
1	how does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
1	what is the internet2 ?
1	what is a green bog ?
1	what is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
1	what are the twin cities ?
1	how did names come about ?
1	what is a cake of soap ?
1	what is witch hazel ?
1	what does the name ` alexandra ' mean ?
1	what was the chivington massacre ?
1	why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
1	what caused the division between the anglicans and the vatican ?
1	what does palindromic mean ?
1	what is franz kafka 's short story `` a country doctor '' trying to tell us ?
1	what does robert mean ?
1	what 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
1	what is the half-life of p-32 ?
1	what do christian scientists believe in ?
1	what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
1	what is splatterpunk ?
1	what is hypertext ?
1	how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ?
1	how do you box train a cat ?
1	what is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
1	where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
1	how did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
1	why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
1	how is cologne made ?
1	how did the hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
1	what are boxcars ?
1	what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
1	what is chromatology ?
1	why can 't ostriches fly ?
1	what is being done about the millennium bug ?
1	give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
1	what is probability theory ?
1	what is australia day ?
1	why do some people have two different color eyes ?
1	what was unusual about alexandra 's appearance in josie and the pussycats ?
1	what is an auto-commentary ?
1	how is the new ford econoline van f25 v1 engine ?
1	what is fellatio ?
1	why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in california ?
1	what is the s&p 500 used for ?
1	what is the origin of head lice ?
1	what is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
1	what is the origin of the christmas tree ?
1	what 's the mystery of the bermuda triangle ?
1	what incident caused the canning of a summit conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
1	how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ?
1	what is a meerkat ?
1	what do economists do ?
1	what characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
1	what is a disaccharide ?
1	how do i change a file from an art file to a jpeg or bitmap file ?
1	what is la nina ?
1	what are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
1	what is the purpose of bios ?
1	how does blood clot ?
1	how does a submarine operate ?
1	what is cache memory ?
1	what is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
1	in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
1	what is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
1	what happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
1	what are the low countries ?
1	why can 't women serve in the navy on board submarines ?
1	how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ?
1	what is the origin of the term `` the brooklyn side '' in bowling ?
1	what does lloyd 's lutine bell announce ?
1	what are tonsils for ?
1	what made the short-lived star hawks strip so unique ?
1	how does color affect a person psychologically ?
1	what type of childhood did jules verne have ?
1	how do you clean up a cache ?
1	why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
1	what happened during the blackhawk indian war of 1832 ?
1	what is a hydrogen bond ?
1	what is greek pita ?
1	how does a bill become law ?
1	what is a rhomboideus minor ?
1	what is bombay duck ?
1	what was a mae west on a world war ii battleship ?
1	why are lions called `` king of the jungle '' ?
1	what was the vietnam war ?
1	what is butterfield 8 in butterfield 8 ?
1	what is smartnet ?
1	how do windmills work ?
1	what is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
1	what is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
1	what is ouzo ?
1	what is the origin of boxing day ?
1	why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
1	what are chloroplasts ?
1	how does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
1	how can i get started in writing for television ?
1	what are faults in the earth 's crust ?
1	why did david koresh ask the fbi for a word processor ?
1	how can you tell if someone is lying ?
1	what did john f. kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
1	what 's the rathaus in frankfurt ?
1	how effective are condoms in protecting against aids ?
1	what are christopher marlowe 's and shakespeare 's literary contributions to english literature ?
1	how do i contact answers.com ?
1	how can i get some free technical information on electric vehicle ?
1	why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
1	how can i give myself a french manicure ?
1	what is cunnilingus ?
1	what currents affect the area of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
1	what is molybdenum ?
1	what causes someone to be ticklish ?
1	how can you prevent it ?
1	how can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
1	what is the claim to fame of agra , india ?
1	what is it like to experience a near death episode ?
1	what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
1	what was suzy parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
1	how was teddy roosevelt related to fdr ?
1	what is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
1	what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ?
1	what is linux ?
1	what 's the motto of the boy scouts ?
1	what are the poconos ?
1	what is a virtual ip address ?
1	why do we have to go to school ?
1	what function does a community 's water tower serve ?
1	what was the reason for the partition of the anglican and vatican churches ?
1	why did the globe theatre burn down ?
1	how does rabies spread ?
1	what does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
1	what is olestra ?
1	how do you make a paintball ?
1	how can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
1	for what reason did some san diego schools stop serving apples ?
1	what is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
1	what exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
1	what can i do to get into an ivy league school ?
1	how is energy created ?
1	what is meant by `` capital market '' ?
1	what are the seven virtues ?
1	what did delilah do to samson 's hair ?
1	why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
1	what is the history of spartacus , the roman slave and gladiator ?
1	how does a copier work ?
1	what are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
1	what is he doing now ?
1	why do magnets attract ?
1	what is the definition of a witch ?
1	what was the outcome of the 1945 yalta conference ?
1	what are dingoes ?
1	how do i know someone is truly in love with me ?
1	what is the origin of thank you notes ?
1	what is a `` false moon '' ?
1	how does james bond like his martinis ?
1	what does the double-o indicate in 007 ?
1	how do i start a web based business ?
1	why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
1	what is a canada two-penny black ?
1	how is paraguay for vacations ?
1	what is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
1	what is `` flintknapping '' ?
1	why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
1	what 's the state motto of california ?
1	what are bellworts ?
1	what did the confederate constitution say about slavery ?
1	how would i find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
1	what 's the olympic motto ?
1	what are equity securities ?
1	what is form drag ?
1	what is the origin of the name ` scarlett ' ?
1	what does `` philebus-like '' mean ?
1	why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
1	what happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
1	what is the origin of the word assassinate ?
1	what does tiffany mean ?
1	how did shipyard inspector james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
1	how do you fix squeaky floors ?
1	what qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
1	what does the name shawn mean ?
1	what happened to pompeii ?
1	what is the definition of the scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
1	what is a hyperlink ?
1	how do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
1	how was lawrence
1	how can you become an fbi agent ?
1	how is thalassemia defined ?
1	how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
1	what is the difference between terry cloth and french terry ?
1	what are the side effects of mevacor ?
1	how does a rainbow form ?
1	what is the function of ram ?
1	why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
1	how do telephones work ?
1	what does the name `` sheri '' mean ?
1	what is the origin of the candy cane at christmas ?
1	how can i stop or slow down aging ?
1	what is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
1	why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
1	how do you reference a website ?
1	what did cool hand luke go to jail for ?
1	what is the difference between hair and fur ?
1	what does the word affiant mean ?
1	how do you make the color purple ?
1	what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern 's ring ?
1	what is hydrogen ?
1	what is a turnkey contract ?
1	how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
1	what did the only repealed amendment to the u.s. constitution deal with ?
1	how does zatanna perform her magic in dc comics ?
1	how do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
1	what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ?
1	what is `` snoogans '' ?
1	what is dry ice ?
1	what is the origin of the atom ?
1	what happens to used motor oil ?
1	what 's the meaning of uol ?
1	how do you dunk ?
1	what is the difference between a median and a mean ?
1	how do i find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
1	what does `` saute '' mean ?
1	what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
1	what is an urban legend ?
1	what is osmosis ?
1	what prompted the co-pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his log ?
1	what are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
1	where did the energy for the big bang come from ?
1	what is a first world country ?
1	what does the number 33 on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ?
1	what do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
1	what is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
1	what is artificial intelligence ?
1	what is difference between a poster and a print ?
1	how does a glacier form ?
1	what do the names neil , mary , and anthony mean ?
1	what causes headaches ?
1	how do clouds form ?
1	why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
1	how do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
1	how do you clean an lcd monitor screen ?
1	how do i get another city 's newspaper ?
1	what causes an earthquake ?
1	what is tyvek ?
1	what 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
1	what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
1	how do ouija boards work ?
1	how do i tie dye clothes ?
1	what is zionism ?
1	what are the current immigration laws in us ?
1	what 's the last line of dickens 's a christmas carol ?
1	how do i find a city if i have the area code ?
1	what does melissa mean ?
1	why did the aztecs first think the spanish were gods ?
1	from what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
1	what does `` semper fidelis '' mean ?
1	what 's the red planet ?
1	how can you tell when figs are ripe ?
1	what is win rah ?
1	what were the causes of the civil war ?
1	why do people in the upper peninsula of michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
1	what is the home rule act ?
1	what is goldenseal ?
1	why was the zipper invented ?
1	what is the immaculate conception ?
1	what is fiber in food ?
1	how do you tell somebody you like them ?
1	how did rocky marciano die ?
1	how do fuel injectors work ?
1	what makes a clitoris sensitive ?
1	what is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
1	what is an ecological niche ?
1	what is a cullion ?
1	how did asia get its name ?
1	what is a pig in a poke ?
1	what is digitalis ?
1	what happened to moon maiden ?
1	what was the verdict in the 1925 trial of john t. scopes ?
1	what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
1	how do cameras take pictures ?
1	colin powell is most famous for what ?
1	where did the term fireplug come from ?
1	what was the long march in china ?
1	what facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
1	how do i find if my relatives were on the trail of tears ?
1	what is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
1	why does a candle need a wick ?
1	how do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
1	how do i check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
1	what is the contents of proposition 98 ?
1	what is plc ?
1	what are the valdez principles ?
1	what are binomial coefficients ?
1	how can your school march in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ?
1	describe the long march .
1	what are the requirements for becoming a citizen of australia ?
1	what is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
1	what is a transistor ?
1	how come light bulbs go out ?
1	what is dew point ?
1	what is graduate school ?
1	what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard ?
1	how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
1	what does freddy freeman say to become captain marvel jr. ?
1	what is yohimbine ?
1	what is false consciousness ?
1	what are the `` star wars '' satellites ?
1	why do many native american students not complete college ?
1	why is the mile 528 feet ?
1	how do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
1	what effect does lsd have on the brain ?
1	how does the elongated man know a mystery is afoot ?
1	how do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
1	define the pheonix club ?
1	what effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
1	what 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
1	why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
1	how was the aclu formed ?
1	what is the weather like on the moon ?
1	what is the feudal system ?
1	what is the difference between a college and a university ?
1	how can i determine the radius of an ellipse ?
1	what is the filmmakers collabrative ?
1	how do birds have sex ?
1	what is the definition of cosmology ?
1	what 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
1	what does `` janelle '' mean ?
1	what 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
1	what is megan 's law ?
1	why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
1	what is the meaning of jesus ?
1	how do you address a chinese person ?
1	how does it make its colors ?
1	how does the nintendo `` zapper '' work ?
1	what is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
1	what is ethylene ?
1	how do you become a dentist ?
1	what is a gas release event ?
1	what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
1	what information can you get me on fairground park in st. louis
1	how does an ion drive work ?
1	what are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
1	what is june 's birthstone ?
1	what is amezaiku ?
1	what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
1	what is ` last chance for animals ' ?
1	what are the urals ?
1	how do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
1	what does gringo mean ?
1	what is jane goodall known for ?
1	how does a hurricane form ?
1	how is digital audio used ?
1	where did indian pudding come from ?
1	why were red m&ms discontinued then brought back ?
1	what is object-oriented design ?
1	what is a wop ?
1	what does the name `` sabrina '' mean ?
1	what is the origin of the rock band led zeppelin 's name ?
1	how does belle describe her life in beauty and the beast ?
1	what are values ?
1	what makes salt ?
1	what was nine tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
1	how can i gain access to a spy satelite ?
1	why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
1	what is betsy ross famous for ?
1	how do you solve `` rubik 's cube '' ?
1	what does ouija mean ?
1	what is endometriosis ?
1	what is the nature of learning ?
1	what is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
1	what is the meaning of caliente , in english , ?
1	how do i install a tile floor ?
1	how do movie blues screens work ?
1	why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
1	what are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
1	what good are mosquitoes ?
1	how do you make a million bucks ?
1	how can i find out my biorhythm ?
1	what are kythnos , siphnos , seriphos and mykonos ?
1	why does the sun shine only a short time in alaska ?
1	how close a cousin was franklin d. to theodore roosevelt ?
1	how did the war of 1812 affect delaware ?
1	how do they type chinese characters on a keyboard ?
1	what can be done about snoring ?
1	how do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
1	what is a horologist ?
1	what is a serigraph ?
1	what is a conifer ?
1	what is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
1	how do you use an intranet ?
1	what 's the distinction of u.s. supreme court justice thurgood marshall ?
1	how do i know if i 'm jealous of someone ?
1	what did n't rocky marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
1	what does the name calder mean ?
1	what is a geoscientist ?
1	what was the claim to fame of explorer i , launched february 1 , 1958 ?
1	how do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
1	what causes blue balls ?
1	how do i impress a guy ?
1	what is the origin of the name katie ?
1	what is the origin of the word marijuana ?
1	what is paracetamol ?
1	how is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
1	how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ?
1	what caused the death of bob marley ?
1	what is `` bloodhound '' ?
1	what is interlata internet service ?
1	what is a bone marrow transplant ?
1	what is the milky way ?
1	what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian horse ?
1	how can i get a comic character i made copyrighted and published ?
1	what does the word `` meta '' mean ?
1	what is the difference between jazz and blues ?
1	why do horseshoes bring luck ?
1	what are the words to `` my way '' written by paul anka ?
1	what does the latin ante mortem mean ?
1	what do i have to do to get good grades in school ?
1	what does it mean `` rupee depreciates '' ?
1	how do you find oxidation numbers ?
1	what is goulash ?
1	what is an isthmus ?
1	what is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
1	how do microwaves work ?
1	why was henry ford 's first automobile calleda model t & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
1	what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
1	what was the `` dead man 's hand '' ?
1	what does the donation process entail ?
1	how can i easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
1	what do the figures represent on the easter island ?
1	what is barnstorming ?
1	how do i find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
1	how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
1	shea and gould closed their los angeles office for what reason ?
1	what is moxie ?
1	why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
1	what is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
1	what is a `` repeating voter '' ?
1	what is e-commerce ?
1	what is a nematode ?
1	how does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
1	how do you ask questions ?
1	how can i get in touch with michael moore of `` roger & me '' ?
1	what is infomatics ?
1	why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
1	what is prepared mustard ?
1	how do i get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name kilvington ?
1	what is narcolepsy ?
1	what does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
1	how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
1	what is agent orange ?
1	why do usa fax machines not work in uk , nnp ?
1	what are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
1	what is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
1	what is the history of skateboarding ?
1	describe the finnish music personality salonen 's appearance .
1	how did the months of the year get there name ?
1	what is a devo hat ?
1	how can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
1	how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
1	what caused the titanic to sink ?
1	what was the rallying cry of the early american revolutionaries ?
1	where do rocks come from ?
1	how did u.s.a become involved in the barbary wars
1	why are the u.s. presidential elections held in november ?
1	what 's the claim to fame of night watchman frank wills ?
1	what caused harry houdini 's death ?
1	how did super president gain his powers on the animated series ?
1	what is the hub of london ?
1	how were the days of the week named ?
1	what 's a short ton ?
1	what does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
1	where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
1	what are amaretto biscuits ?
1	what is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
1	where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
1	how do i give a good massage ?
1	how is plastic made ?
1	what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
1	why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
1	how do you throw a housewarming party ?
1	what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
1	how can i find online spelling ?
1	what are the arabic numerals from 1 to 10 ?
1	how is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
1	what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
1	how do they get teflon to stick to the pan ?
1	how do i find out about jobs ?
1	what is a ` borrow pit ' ?
1	what are the words to the song sung by `` banana in pajamas '' ?
1	what is the theory of equivalence states ?
1	what is a hormone ?
1	what kind of greeting is appropriate to send on yom kippur ?
1	what do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
1	what are the words to the canadian national anthem ?
1	how do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
1	what is the history of valentine 's day cards ?
1	how was the kennedy money made ?
1	what is the lost colony ?
1	what is the definition of low island ?
1	what is occam 's razor ?
1	what are the baltic states ?
1	how does psorisis disappear ?
1	how do i e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
1	what is white chocolate ?
1	what should you do for an ankle sprain ?
1	how can i get someone 's email address ?
1	how do i keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
1	what did lenny bruce say that got him arrested ?
1	what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
1	what is the origin of the peace symbol ?
1	what is software piracy ?
1	what 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
1	what does the name kelly mean ?
1	how did former wwf wrestler rick rude die ?
1	what does a nihilist believe in ?
1	why did the chicken cross the road ?
1	how do you pronounce `` tzimisce '' ?
1	define sinn fein .
1	how is easter sunday 's date determined ?
1	what is sinn fein ?
1	what is a wet dream ?
1	what steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
1	why is chicago named chicago ?
1	what does the name `` anthony '' mean ?
1	what does las vegas mean ?
1	what are the cookies in internet ?
1	what are shooting stars ?
1	how do you identify prime numbers ?
1	what is eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
1	what do mormons believe ?
1	how did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
1	how does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
1	how do i write to my congressman ?
1	what does the name `` justin '' mean ?
1	how does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
1	what are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
1	how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ?
1	how is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
1	what is the text of the fifth amendment ?
1	how does a small businessman contact the good humor ice cream company to do business with them ?
1	what is real time processing ?
1	how do you write a book report ?
1	how did p.t. barnum bill the diminutive charles s. stratton ?
1	what is archimedes famous for ?
1	how can you define time ?
1	what is object-oriented design ?
1	why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
1	what are the greek numerals ?
1	what is the golden rule ?
1	what nuclear process takes place in an h-bomb ?
1	what is deadrise , nautical , ?
1	why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
1	how do i find a snowboarding website ?
1	how is answers.com funded ?
1	what is the english meaning of caliente ?
1	hazmat stands for what ?
1	what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist religions ?
1	what is viscosity ?
1	how do websites like yahoo and excite make money ?
1	what is an aurora ?
1	what is habeas corpus ?
1	why did several san diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
1	what is shalom ?
1	what was archy , and mehitabel ?
1	what revelation did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee ?
1	what is cosmology ?
1	what 's a water funnel ?
1	what is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
1	why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys ''
1	how do anti-locking brakes work ?
1	what causes canker sores in the mouth ?
1	why did the shea & gould law firm leave los angeles ?
1	what clause in the u.s. constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
1	how do i know if i am pregnant ?
1	what is a dental root canal ?
2	what are the main blood vessels ?
2	what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ?
2	what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
2	what drug is often used to treat aids patients ?
2	what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
2	what was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
2	what movie did steven spielberg direct in 1975 ?
2	what is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
2	what net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
2	what color are the castellated walls of the kremlin ?
2	what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
2	what broadway show introduced the song some enchanted evening ?
2	what is the name of jamiroquai new album ?
2	which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
2	what 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
2	what were the names of the three ships used by columbus ?
2	what does knight ridder publish ?
2	what is a fear of touching ?
2	how do you say 2 in latin ?
2	what baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
2	what 's the colored part of the eye called ?
2	what do you call a book of quotes ?
2	what is a fear of fish ?
2	what are the four most widely-used languages in north america ?
2	what animal has killed the most people ?
2	what was the first sam spade novel ?
2	what were the achievements of richard nixon ?
2	what is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas trees ?
2	what foods contain the most protein ?
2	musician ray charles plays what instrument ?
2	what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ?
2	what tv show premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
2	what is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
2	what color is mr. spock 's blood ?
2	what 's another name for aspartame ?
2	what was the species of winnie the pooh ?
2	what are the snakes of new england ?
2	what ice creams contain seaweed ?
2	what do you call a group of geese ?
2	what grand slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
2	what book was f. scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194 ?
2	what novel did ian fleming introduce james bond in ?
2	what was mae west 's last film ?
2	what did the yalta conference lead to ?
2	what was hitler 's favorite movie ?
2	what was the name of baretta 's cockatoo ?
2	what is dudley do-right 's horse 's name ?
2	what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
2	what is the most popular sports car color ?
2	what is a fear of passing high objects ?
2	name a golf course in myrtle beach .
2	what newspaper serves salt lake city ?
2	what is the former name of zimbabwe ?
2	what fruit does the ficus produce ?
2	what foods contain vitamin b12 ?
2	what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
2	what words in the english have two u 's back to back ?
2	what sport is known for hooligans ?
2	what class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
2	what does an edentulous smile lack ?
2	what magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
2	who were john f. kennedy 's dogs ?
2	what is a fear of glass ?
2	what is a 2-sided object called ?
2	what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u.s. ?
2	what kind of a sports team is the wisconsin badgers ?
2	which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
2	what card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
2	what is a fear of points ?
2	what is the first book of the old testament ?
2	what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
2	what is a fear of robbers ?
2	what does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
2	what 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in new orleans ?
2	what is a fear of stings ?
2	what are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
2	what is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
2	what was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
2	what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
2	what is state tree of nebraska ?
2	what are new computer games for windows 95 or 98 ?
2	what invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
2	what do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
2	what 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
2	a corgi is a kind of what ?
2	which is the best opening move in chess ?
2	which ear can most people hear better with ?
2	names of books by james a. michener set in the following locations ?
2	what shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
2	what sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
2	what russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the napoleonic wars ?
2	in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
2	what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
2	what is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
2	what book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
2	what animal 's tail is called a brush ?
2	what commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
2	what are the components of polyester ?
2	what kind of wine is spumante ?
2	what did the ancients call the four great elements ?
2	what sport is played on the largest field ?
2	what mammal of north america is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
2	what tv station did mary richards work for ?
2	what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
2	what terror of the sea did johnny horton sing about ?
2	what holidays are celebrated in ireland ?
2	what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
2	what dickens novel has david carrying the message `` barkis is willin '' to peggy ?
2	what was george washington afraid of ?
2	what are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
2	what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
2	what is a fear of water ?
2	what money was used by them ?
2	what 's the name of jacques cousteau 's research ship ?
2	what did the congress of vienna establish ?
2	what 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
2	name a novel written by john steinbeck .
2	what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
2	what keeps clouds in the air ?
2	what does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
2	what `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
2	what then-derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
2	what is the name of a language spoken by the sioux ?
2	what significant battle was fought in belgium in 1815 ?
2	what is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
2	what money was used here ?
2	what is a fear of money ?
2	what is the name of the song that dracula plays on the organ ?
2	what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ?
2	what tennis term is said to come from the french word for egg ?
2	what 's the name of the tampa newspaper ?
2	what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
2	what is the fastest computer ?
2	what tools do you use to crewel ?
2	what is the name of the family circus 's dog ?
2	what is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
2	what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ?
2	what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
2	what currency is used in australia ?
2	what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's hit song ?
2	what was the name of the u.s. 's first manned space program ?
2	what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
2	what do river otters eat ?
2	which beatles disc cover honors the rolling stones ?
2	what was simple simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
2	what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
2	name the ship beany and cecil sailed .
2	what is another name for nearsightedness ?
2	what shakespearean play featured shylock ?
2	what was `` america 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
2	what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
2	what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african government by mercenaries ?
2	what does a spermologer collect ?
2	what kind of species is the monster in the film `` jaws '' ?
2	what is a fear of weakness ?
2	what disease is the second-biggest killer of north americans ?
2	what was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
2	name li 'l abner 's favorite indian drink .
2	what was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole ?
2	what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
2	what are the first ten amendements passed ?
2	which soft drink does madonna advertise for ?
2	what is the name of a book written by aaron hass ?
2	what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
2	what hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
2	what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
2	what operating system do ibm-compatible machines use ?
2	what was the name of the u.s. navy gunboat in the film the sand pebbles ?
2	what fuel do airplanes use ?
2	what is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
2	what are the cleveland indians also called ?
2	what is a golf ball made of ?
2	what 's the largest u.s. agricultural crop by weight ?
2	what d.h. lawrence novel was originally titled tenderness ?
2	what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
2	name four famous cartoon cats .
2	what two major world religions began in india ?
2	what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
2	what 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
2	what 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
2	what animals did the amazing three masquerade as ?
2	what type of exercise burns the most calories ?
2	what 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
2	what sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
2	what shakespeare play opens with the line : `` now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
2	what does salk vaccine prevent ?
2	what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
2	what handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
2	what are all the different types of pizza ?
2	what are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
2	what 's the international lawn tennis challenge trophy usually called ?
2	what is a language spoken by the sioux ?
2	what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in judaism called ?
2	what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
2	what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish-american war ?
2	what is a fear of home surroundings ?
2	what is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
2	in hemingway 's `` old man and the sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
2	what drink is the best thirst-quencher ?
2	what is widely used to detect birth defects ?
2	what is the name of the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
2	when it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
2	which airplane did fawaz younis hijack ?
2	what colors is magenta made of ?
2	what are the stars made of ?
2	what new year is celebrated on february 16th ?
2	how do you say i love you in spanish ?
2	what 's the international radio code word for the letter b ?
2	what letter appears on the cold-water tap in spain ?
2	what does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
2	what is a fear of worms ?
2	what is a fear of cholera ?
2	what brand of white rum is still made in cuba ?
2	what type of betting is used in horse racing ?
2	what 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
2	what 1953 film won frank sinatra a best supporting actor oscar ?
2	what format was the major competition of vhs ?
2	what chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
2	what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
2	what joins white wine to put the spritz in a spritzer ?
2	what was the name of roy rogers 's dog ?
2	which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
2	what is a fear of odors , body , ?
2	what is the name of the american literary era that includes 1896 ?
2	what four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
2	what line divided the north and south in the u.s. civil war ?
2	what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
2	what generation am i in ?
2	what is the fear of the computer called ?
2	what were first used by john l. sullivan and james j. corbett in 1892 ?
2	what kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ?
2	what is a fear of color ?
2	what is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
2	what was organized as a confederate veterans ' social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
2	what does visine get out ?
2	what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
2	what is a female rabbit called ?
2	what does the policeman become in the canadian edition of monopoly ?
2	name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
2	what 's the u.s. navy hymn ?
2	what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
2	what stephen king novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
2	what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
2	what film opens with an assassin tumbling from the seattle space needle ?
2	what after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ?
2	what is a fear of everything ?
2	what comic strip sometimes features a mailman named beasley ?
2	what 's the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
2	what color is `` ash '' ?
2	what food of the three bears did goldilocks eat ?
2	what does it take to become a lawyer ?
2	what international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
2	what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon 's lead dog ?
2	what are different products of petroleum ?
2	what kind of dog is scooby doo ?
2	what disease plagued europe , africa and asia ?
2	what do ladybugs eat ?
2	what 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
2	what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ?
2	what is the jewish bible called ?
2	what color flies closest to the staff on belgium 's flag ?
2	what kind of guitar did jimi hendrix play ?
2	what 's the second-lightest element ?
2	what 's the largest letter in salvador dali 's signature ?
2	what is a fear of trees ?
2	name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
2	what did warlock wear on his forehead in marvel comics ?
2	what 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
2	in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a role ?
2	what type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
2	what did the forward-thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
2	what was the name of the flight that fawaz younis hijacked ?
2	what did the crocodile swallow in peter pan ?
2	what does ribavirin consist of ?
2	which thrilled taste buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
2	what meter was invented by c.c. magee in 1935 ?
2	what term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
2	what are two plants that clothes are made from ?
2	what can one see in reims ?
2	which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
2	what is a fear of jealousy ?
2	in order from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
2	ray charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
2	what were the five opening words on ben casey ?
2	what holidays or observances are celebrated in italy ?
2	what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
2	what is the predominant color of the tab label ?
2	what magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
2	what plant is rum made from ?
2	what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
2	what do penguins eat ?
2	what 's the common name for a japanese dwarf tree ?
2	what layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
2	what is the best way to overcome a fear ?
2	what is a fear of machinery ?
2	what kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
2	what kind of animal was winnie the pooh ?
2	what erica jong novel deals with isadora wing 's fear ?
2	what animal was the heat-seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
2	what kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the english civil war time ?
2	what is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
2	what is `` the bear of beers '' ?
2	what are dinosaur droppings called ?
2	what is a fear of crystals or glass ?
2	what kind of books does fodor 's publish ?
2	aspartame is also known as what ?
2	what is the brand name of daminozide ?
2	name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
2	what color of monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
2	what is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
2	which kevin costner movie involves the sioux indians ?
2	what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
2	what were the first frozen foods ?
2	what is a fear of disease ?
2	what is the shape of a football as stated in the nfl rulebook ?
2	what does saliva consist of ?
2	which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
2	for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a treatment ?
2	what dog was dubbed the mortgage lifter ?
2	what was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at sea world ?
2	what book opens : `` at a certain village in la mancha , which i shall not name.. . '' ?
2	what 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
2	what poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
2	name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner .
2	what is the chemical composition of a barbie ?
2	at christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
2	what was the top box office movie in april 1998 ?
2	what are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
2	name the four stories contained in edith wharton 's `` old new york . ''
2	what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
2	what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
2	what food can i use to catch a possum ?
2	what toy can you make sleep ?
2	what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
2	what is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
2	what did tristan come back as ?
2	what trade did the 15th and 16th century portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
2	what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between playboy and its readers '' ?
2	what was the sequel to the moon 's balloon ?
2	what does the six-footed musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
2	what kind of puzzle first appeared in the u.s. in the new york world on december 21 , 1913 ?
2	what brand of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
2	what is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
2	what 's the most popular contact lens color ?
2	what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
2	what is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
2	what is the best way to travel in japan ?
2	what were baffin , frobisher and franklin looking for ?
2	what film canine is buried in pere-lachaise cemetery in paris ?
2	what 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
2	what color were ernest hemingway 's eyes ?
2	what george harrison tune sounded too much like he 's so fine by the chiffons ?
2	what 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
2	what four tournaments make up tennis ' grand slam ?
2	what card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
2	what is the zodiac sign for august 14 ?
2	what children 's tale contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
2	name a gaelic language .
2	what was the name of the `` little rascals '' dog ?
2	in kafka 's metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
2	what is the treatment for depression ?
2	what kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
2	what six words follow the line : `` from a jack to a king.. . '' ?
2	what beer tells us , `` grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
2	what kind of crystals exist ?
2	to get the most caffeine , what soda should i drink ?
2	what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
2	what kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
2	what is a fear of motion ?
2	what sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
2	what other name were the `` little rascals '' known as ?
2	which language has the most words ?
2	what product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
2	what does a philatelist collect ?
2	what was the name of aristotle onassis 's yacht ?
2	what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
2	what two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
2	what 's the term for a young fox ?
2	what 1950 film won seven oscars , including best picture ?
2	what is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
2	what is after death ?
2	what phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication the bigfoot news ?
2	what is a fear of bees ?
2	what is the most famous german word in the english language ?
2	what is a softball made of ?
2	what do the french call la manche ?
2	what product does `` mrs. olsen '' promote ?
2	in which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
2	what are the four elements ?
2	what are the languages spoken by the natives in afghanistan ?
2	what does a dipsomaniac crave ?
2	what is the name of the largest water conservancy project in china ?
2	what james michener book is subtitled spanish travels and reflections ?
2	what is the name of the jewish alphabet ?
2	what started in 1849 when gold was discovered at sutter 's mill ?
2	what kind of mammal is a colt ?
2	what are the ages in comic book lingo ?
2	which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
2	in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
2	what daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the usa '' ?
2	name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
2	what car was driven in the 199 release of `` smokey and the bandit '' ?
2	what 's an infant seal called ?
2	which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
2	what 's the southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
2	what piece of jewelry is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax space ?
2	what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
2	what horse did zorro ride ?
2	what did benny carter play ?
2	what is a fear of sleep ?
2	what 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in america ?
2	what is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
2	what age followed the bronze age ?
2	what is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
2	what two body parts grow all your life ?
2	what are the wolverine habits ?
2	what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ?
2	what is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
2	what can communications satellites offer yachts ?
2	in what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
2	name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in .
2	which comic strip was never turned into a broadway musical ?
2	what was the tragedy that struck the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
2	what weapon did the crossed slits in english castles accommodate ?
2	what blew up at lakehurst , new jersey , on may 6 , 1977 ?
2	what 's the biggest-selling u.s. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
2	what kind of fish is a coney ?
2	what kind of weapons were used in medieval warfare ?
2	what is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
2	what program do i need to run a .tbk file ?
2	what software offers inventors use of cad-like design ?
2	what were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
2	what is a fear of insanity ?
2	what is a fear of childbirth ?
2	what are the most common elements in the earth 's crust ?
2	what does a farrier put shoes on ?
2	what nevil shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
2	what is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
2	what is the world 's best selling cookie ?
2	what 's a male witch called ?
2	what are the 7 principles of learning from the institute for research on learning , irl ?
2	what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
2	what soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
2	what 1963 joseph l. mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
2	what product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
2	what was john f. kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
2	what was the longest war in u.s. history ?
2	what is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
2	what was paul bunyan 's ox 's name ?
2	what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
2	what is a fear of cold ?
2	which gender has bigger thighs ?
2	which medium is hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
2	on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
2	what 's destroyed in genesis 19 : 24 ?
2	what do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
2	what flag flies over wake island ?
2	what does the peugeot company manufacture ?
2	what do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
2	what delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
2	what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ?
2	what 1895 h.g. wells novel was written under the title the chronic argonauts ?
2	what does a collier mine ?
2	name the french historical period during the reign of napoleon iii .
2	what sport was the first televised in the u.s. ?
2	what lewis carroll book introduced humpty dumpty to the world ?
2	what are the ingredients of coca-cola ?
2	what are some good exercises for kids to do ?
2	what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
2	what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
2	what computer operating system is on the most computers ?
2	what animal do buffalo wings come from ?
2	what is another word for diet ?
2	what do bicornate animals have two of ?
2	what do italians call florence ?
2	what 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
2	what is a movie that kevin costner made about sioux indians ?
2	what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
2	what game 's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
2	what 's played at wembley stadium , london , every may ?
2	how do you say `` fresh '' in spanish ?
2	what war did johnny reb and billy yank fight ?
2	what is a fear of shadows ?
2	what jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
2	what is the recipe for eggs benedict ?
2	name a tiger that is extinct .
2	what was the favorite sport of tom wolfe 's the pump house gang ?
2	what is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
2	what are the seven wonders of the world ?
2	what are fingernails made of ?
2	what were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
2	what are emblazoned on the jolly roger ?
2	what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
2	what does a resurrectionist steal ?
2	what card game derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
2	what is a fear of reptiles ?
2	what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
2	what color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
2	what 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` oil '' ?
2	what kind of sports team is the buffalo sabres ?
2	what concerts are held in new york this week ?
2	what is glass made of ?
2	what is the name of the game that garry kasparov plays ?
2	what is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
2	what 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
2	what is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
2	what colors make up a rainbow ?
2	what john steinbeck novel portrays the joad family , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ?
2	what african animals are known as the big five ?
2	what are super balls made of ?
2	what three colors of ink are used to print a u.s. dollar bill ?
2	what is the name of david letterman 's dog ?
2	what game is garry kasparov really good at ?
2	what were the ceremony traditions like during the elizabethian times ?
2	what bird can swim but can 't fly ?
2	what film featured a snarly character named kid shelleen ?
2	which sex is denied voting rights in kuwait ?
2	what 's a craps player called ?
2	what is a fear of drinking ?
2	what 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
2	what j.r.r. tolkien book features gimli as a central character ?
2	what are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
2	what are the three animals in sheila burnford 's the incredible journey ?
2	what garment was named for bradley , voorhees and day ?
2	what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack box ?
2	which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
2	what was another name for east germany ?
2	what are halloween 's colors ?
2	what format was vhs 's main competition ?
2	in beetle bailey , can you name sarge 's dog ?
2	what is a fear of sourness ?
2	name a film in which jude law acted .
2	what was the sequel to the pink panther ?
2	what was mel gibson 's first movie ?
2	what nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
2	what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
2	what is a fear of parasites ?
2	what does the ouarterly review of doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
2	what does el nino mean in spanish ?
2	what kind of animal is babar ?
2	what species is a colt ?
2	what is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
2	what did walter huston remove to perform in the movie the treasure of the sierra madre ?
2	what is a fear of lice ?
2	what 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
2	which is heavier - cream or milk ?
2	what are john c. calhoun and henry clay known as ?
2	what color is chablis ?
2	what game does garry kasparov play ?
2	name the islamic counterpart to the red cross .
2	what is california 's state bird ?
2	what do flatfish eat ?
2	what are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
2	what don mclean song laments the day buddy holly died ?
2	what do manatees eat ?
2	what is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
2	what 's the most commonly-spoken language in belgium ?
2	what condiment do the dutch dip their french fries in ?
2	what vowel do all esperanto nouns end in ?
2	what color , s , appear on boxes of kodak film ?
2	what are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
2	what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
2	in ad 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
2	what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
2	what morris west novel deals with russian bishop who becomes pope ?
2	what was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
2	what is a fear of clouds ?
2	what was the name of captain bligh 's ship ?
2	what was the first tv set to include a remote control ?
2	what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
2	what species was winnie the pooh ?
2	what is the weakest bone in the body ?
2	which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
2	what are the three secondary colors ?
2	what is a fear of strong light ?
2	what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
2	what is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
2	what is a fear of food ?
2	what turns blue litmus paper red ?
2	what is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
2	what household products are there for adult acne ?
2	what is a fear of gravity ?
2	what 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
2	what was the food of the greek gods called ?
2	what common ailment can 't you catch at the north pole ?
2	what color is an arctic fox in winter ?
2	what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan. 1999 ?
2	what do sailors use to measure time ?
2	what civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
2	what is bella abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
2	what should the oven be set at for baking peachy oat muffins ?
2	where is the human skin least sensitive ?
2	what 's the official language of algeria ?
2	what is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
2	what historical event happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
2	what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
2	what did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
2	what harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
2	what is a fear of children ?
2	what is the primary language of the philippines ?
2	what is a fear of hair ?
2	what has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
2	what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of california ?
2	what is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
2	what late-night tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
2	what is `` the great american family cereal '' ?
2	what is the recipe or formula for coca-cola ?
2	what 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
2	in what war was the first submarine used ?
2	what is a fear of pregnancy ?
2	what kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
2	what feud ended with a marriage in kentucky on march 21 , 1891 ?
2	what song did patti page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
2	what is the formula to calculate pi ?
2	what meter did shakespeare use in writing : `` to be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
2	what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
2	what does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
2	what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
2	what sport does chris jogis play ?
2	what is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
2	what does warner bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
2	what michelangelo sculpture is in saint peter 's cathedral , basilica , ?
2	what is the best selling computer model ever ?
2	what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
2	what color are school buses ?
2	what is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
2	what movie told of anna anderson 's claim to be a russian czar 's daughter ?
2	what fossilizes to form coprolite ?
2	what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
2	what 's bottled in jeroboams ?
2	what 's the traditional drink at the kentucky derby ?
2	how do you say 2 in latin ?
2	which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
2	what 1964 film introduced the song my kind of town ?
2	what alloy do copper and tin form ?
2	what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
2	on what t.v. show could tom terrific be found ?
2	what is a fear of speaking ?
2	what leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
2	what was the name of the peace agreement imposed on germany after world war i ?
2	what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
2	what hermann hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
2	where does your hair grow the fastest ?
2	what was franklin roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the great depression ?
2	the trials resulting from world war ii are known as what ?
2	what animal has the best hearing ?
2	what stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
2	what is the organizational structure of the new delhi indira gandhi airport ?
2	name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
2	what part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
2	how do you say , `` i love you '' in other languages ?
2	what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
2	which is the most-used computer program ?
2	what is your favorite color ?
2	what 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
2	what is a fear of hell ?
2	what is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
2	which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
2	what do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
2	what killed bob marley ?
2	what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
2	what language is mostly spoken in brazil ?
2	what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes 's don quixote ?
2	what did abolitionists try to end ?
2	what color was the hundred billionth crayon made by crayola ?
2	what predators exist on antarctica ?
2	what color are seven of every 10 houses in the u.s. ?
2	what is the chemical formula for napalm ?
2	what racehorse won an associated press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
2	what movie has made the most money ?
2	what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
2	what kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
2	what is the connection between new krypton and daxam ?
2	what are the first and last letters of the greek alphabet ?
2	what 's the international radio code word for the letter f ?
2	what does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
2	what sport is chris jogis a top player of ?
2	name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command .
2	which type of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
2	what 's known as the queen of drinks ?
2	what is the mascot for notre dame university ?
2	what tale has the moral : `` he who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
2	what creature scares people in the film `` jaws '' ?
2	what caribbean cult did marcus garvey originate ?
2	what part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the old west ?
2	what type of performer is ileana cotrubas ?
2	what are some of australia 's native flora ?
2	what are the most common elements in seawater ?
2	what is beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
2	which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
2	what kind of patent did ermal fraze get in 1963 ?
2	in what religion was isis the nature goddess ?
2	what dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
2	what 1965 film had jack lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
2	what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
2	what is a fear of ruin ?
2	aspartame is also called what ?
2	what famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of bugs moran 's outfit ?
2	what line of luggage is named after a famous american flier ?
2	what mary tyler moore show regular came into the world as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ?
2	what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
2	what game do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
2	what happened on january 15 , 1969 ?
2	what was the worst hurricane ?
2	what was the alternate to vhs ?
2	what is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
2	what letter does gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
2	what is the main language of sao paulo , brazil ?
2	what color are tennis balls ?
2	what ocean liner burned and sank in hong kong harbor ?
2	what war was fought by the spanish as far as the philippines ?
2	what shape-shifting menace did rom come to earth to fight ?
2	which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
2	what types of water pollution are there ?
2	what are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
2	what is the fastest fish in the world ?
2	what 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
2	what is the fear of cockroaches called ?
2	what new games are available for nintendo 64 ?
2	what did jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
2	what beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
2	what do west indian steel bands use as instruments ?
2	what 's the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
2	what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
2	what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
2	name a sioux language .
2	what did louis cartier invent for aviator santos dumont in 1940 ?
2	what events happened january 26 , 1978 ?
2	what materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
2	what is mississippi 's state animal ?
2	what is jell-o made from ?
2	what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
2	what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
2	what homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the trojan wars ?
2	what war added jeep and quisling to the english language ?
2	what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ?
2	what is the mission of nike ?
2	what is the name of kevin costner 's movie about sioux indians ?
2	what is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which british troops killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
2	what type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
2	what 's the second-most-used vowel in english ?
2	which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in europe ?
2	what drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
2	what 2 statues did france give to other countries ?
2	what 's the official animal of canada ?
2	what are the different types of plastic ?
2	in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
2	what are the 28 tenses in the english language ?
2	what do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
2	what plants are found in an estuary ?
2	what infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
2	madonna hocks which soft drink ?
2	what credit card features a centurion on its face ?
2	the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines is called what ?
2	mississippi is nicknamed what ?
2	what english word contains the most letters ?
2	what is a fear of sinning ?
2	what does a heliologist study ?
2	name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays .
2	what was the 24-disc john gabel entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
2	what is a fear of women ?
2	what is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
2	what kind of car did janis joplin ask the lord to buy her ?
2	what kind of tree graces lebanon 's flag ?
2	what are the five basic swimming strokes ?
2	what is celebrated during the week of february 21-27 ?
2	what is a fear of being alone ?
2	name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
2	what disease does katharine hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
2	what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
2	what organ contains the islands of langerhans ?
2	what game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
2	what was the name of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert 's wife ?
2	what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's possession by the devil ?
2	in what book can i find the story of aladdin ?
2	what is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
2	what is grenada 's main commodity export ?
2	what religion has the most members ?
2	what song put james taylor in the limelight ?
2	what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
2	what was edward albee 's first full-length play ?
2	name a medicine commonly used to combat aids ?
2	name a salt lake city newspaper .
2	what is the rarest coin ?
2	what animal received royal assent as an emblem of canada on march 24 , 1975 ?
2	what film or films has jude law appeared in ?
2	what carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
2	what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
2	what aesop 's fable has the moral : `` the race is not always to the swift. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
2	what was the name of the famous battle between texas and mexico ?
2	name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats .
2	name four comic strips about pilots .
2	what 's the hungarian word for pepper ?
2	what is the english translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
2	what word occurs 46 , 227 times in the bible ?
2	what leon uris novel dealt with the russian capture of berlin ?
2	what measures did clinton take to avoid the draft ?
2	what does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
2	what are the most common breeding birds in the u.s. ?
2	what drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
2	what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
2	what is the name of a salt lake city newspaper ?
2	what was the name of the protestant revolt against the supremacy of the pope ?
2	what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
2	what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in new england ?
2	which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
2	what cards are bullets ?
2	what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
2	what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
2	what international sport was originally called hurley ?
2	what sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
2	what is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
2	what animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
2	what are some ways to help someone with chicken pox ?
2	what was the name of the crimean meeting of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ?
2	how do you say `` eat the day '' in latin ?
2	what overalls are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ?
2	what is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
2	what 's a `` drinker respirator '' better known as ?
2	what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
2	what film was based on the play everybody comes to rick 's ?
2	what kind of rocket launched the surveyor spacecraft ?
2	what film did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar for ?
2	what star-faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
2	what was the first video ever made ?
2	what sport do you shag flies in ?
2	what do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
2	what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
2	what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent story jimmy 's world ?
2	what molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
2	what bowl game began as an east-west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
2	what non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
2	what board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
2	what dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
2	what cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
2	what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
2	which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
2	what are the names of the different toes ?
2	what are the two languages of malta ?
2	what must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
2	what is money made of ?
2	which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
2	what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
2	what does a woman want ?
2	what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe raise ?
2	what did jimmy stewart invent ?
2	what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons ?
2	what is the fear of frogs ?
2	what are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
2	what is the name given to a group of geese ?
2	what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
2	what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's baby girl has ?
2	what is one of the languages of the sioux ?
2	what animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
2	what was john steinbeck 's travelling companion charley ?
2	which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
2	what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ?
2	what do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
2	what broadway musical featured the song , `` if i were a rich man ? ''
2	what chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
2	what 's the most powerful card in euchre ?
2	what book did aaron hass write ?
2	what color were their horses ?
2	what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
2	what is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
2	what is a fear of food ?
2	what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
2	what is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
2	what whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
2	what element , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
2	what is the scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
2	what was connecticut 's first constitution called ?
2	what is latin for incompetent ?
2	what was the name of robert fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
2	what film ends with the line : `` this is mrs. norman maine '' ?
2	what is the name of the second space shuttle ?
2	what is a common anti-aids drug ?
2	what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ?
2	what scale measures earthquakes ?
2	what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
2	what first-aid product `` helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
2	what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
2	what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
2	what is the nickname of the cleveland indians ?
2	what do chefs call the master spice ?
2	what does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
2	what does final four refer to in the sports world ?
2	what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
2	jude law acted in which film ?
2	what is a fear of fur ?
2	what was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
2	what are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
2	what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
2	what italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
2	what is dr. seuss ' most popular book ?
2	italy is the largest producer of what ?
2	what three colors are on the french flag ?
2	what is the most widely cultivated plant ?
2	what do peacocks mate with ?
2	what powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
2	what 's the name of the tokyo stock exchange ?
2	what gender is not allowed to vote in kuwait ?
2	what 1981 candice bergen-jacqueline bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's old acquaintance ?
2	what is the most expensive car in the world ?
2	what is smokey the bear 's middle name ?
2	what ill-fated craft was captained by ernst lehmann ?
2	what instrument is ray charles best known for playing ?
2	what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
2	what do the japanese call japan ?
2	what 's the sequel to alice 's adventures in wonderland ?
2	what four forms does gold occur in ?
2	what kind of fruit is a yellow transparent ?
2	what is a fear of thunder ?
2	what was introduced commercially by bayer a.g. of leverkusen , in 1899 ?
2	what animals can live the longest without food ?
2	name an american made motorcycle .
2	what determines the value of the pearl ?
2	which of the five senses develops first ?
2	what was dwight eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
2	what was the eighth day following the nones in each month of the roman calendar called ?
2	what 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
2	what type is a snail ?
2	what are the titles of some r-rated sony playstation games ?
2	what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ?
2	what is the fear of being loved ?
2	the second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
2	what is one of the languages spoken by the sioux called ?
2	the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
2	what class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
2	what type of currency is used in china ?
2	which drug is commonly used to treat aids ?
2	what is chiricahua the name of ?
2	what do hasidic jews refrain from while dating ?
2	what was the killer whale who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
2	what was jimmy durante 's theme song ?
2	what is the west virginia state animal ?
2	what medium is stuart hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
2	what 1942 espionage movie reunited director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
2	what book does holden caulfield appear in ?
2	what five cards make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
2	madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
2	what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
2	what tv series features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
2	which cats pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
2	name a flying mammal .
2	what is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
2	what is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
2	what are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
2	what is a fear of punishment ?
2	what is the softest part of the body ?
2	what is april 's gemstone ?
2	which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
2	what 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
2	what 's the world 's most common compound ?
2	what was the monster in spielberg 's film `` jaws '' ?
2	what is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the marvel universe ?
2	what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ?
2	what did 8 , cd nns vbp to vb nnp pos nn .
2	what series of trials followed world war ii ?
2	in what ways did ivan iv support russian expansion ?
2	what hair color can i use to just cover a little gray ?
2	what is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
2	what chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
2	what are birds descendents of ?
2	what is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
2	what five-time winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
2	what are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
2	what is a fear of night or darkness ?
2	what films featured the character popeye doyle ?
2	what is the collective noun for geese ?
2	what was a california prayer book to an old west gambler ?
2	what snack food has ridges ?
2	what was the first english play written exclusively for children ?
2	what does a pedometer measure ?
2	what `` magic '' does mandrake employ ?
2	which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
2	what soft drink first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in 1885 ?
2	what color is the cross on switzerland 's flag ?
2	ray charles plays which instrument ?
2	what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ?
2	what soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
2	what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
2	what did thomas paine write ?
2	what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
2	what is the longest english word ?
2	which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
2	what 's the literary term for a play on words ?
2	what does it take to be a hero ?
2	what football bowl game 's first queen was hallie woods ?
2	what animal migrates the farthest ?
2	what cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
2	what did brontosauruses eat ?
2	what is a fear of failure ?
2	what english word has the most letters ?
2	what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
2	what 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
2	what william makepeace thackeray novel was made into a film by stanley kubrick ?
2	what are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
2	what color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
2	what two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
3	what is supergirl 's secret identity ?
3	who did doris day mean when she said : `` i call him ernie because he 's certainly no rock '' ?
3	what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
3	who is nicolo paganini ?
3	what hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
3	what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
3	what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
3	who 's the lead singer of the led zeppelin band ?
3	who played the title role in the romantic englishwoman ?
3	who created the world wide web , www ?
3	who won the battle of gettysburg ?
3	who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ?
3	which member of charlie 's angels sang vocals for josie and the pussycats ?
3	what was the name of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ?
3	what is rona barrett 's married name ?
3	what english physician was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
3	who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
3	what british commander surrendered to george washington at yorktown in 1781 ?
3	what member of the little rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in darla hood ?
3	who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
3	who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ?
3	what 's mrs. bridges 's job on tv 's upstairs , downstairs ?
3	who were leaders of the byzantine empire ?
3	who is ishmael in moby dick ?
3	who is the president of stanford university ?
3	who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
3	who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
3	what democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
3	who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
3	what inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in july , 1984 ?
3	who won the first world series ?
3	what businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
3	who were the only two bald u.s. presidents ?
3	what 's the middle name of movie producer joseph e. levine ?
3	who did napolean defeat at jena and auerstadt ?
3	who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
3	who invented the moog synthesizer ?
3	which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in ventura county ?
3	who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
3	name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of gasoline alley .
3	who was the architect of central park ?
3	who was the only person convicted in the my lai massacre ?
3	what football coach 's story was told in the movie run to daylight ?
3	what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
3	what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
3	what manufacturers are there in texas ?
3	what mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie in north to alaska ?
3	who was the first man to return to space ?
3	what scottish poet penned to a mouse and to a louse ?
3	which major diamond producer is based in south africa ?
3	who founded the people 's temple commune ?
3	name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
3	what father and son won the medal of honor ?
3	what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
3	what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
3	what terrorist group was headed by donald defreeze ?
3	name the two actress daughters of john mills .
3	who created private detective philip marlowe ?
3	what was fred astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
3	which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
3	who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
3	what asian leader was known as the little brown saint ?
3	who said of super bowl iii in 1969 : `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ?
3	who is the leader of brunei ?
3	who plays the cop in the movie `` kindergarten cop '' ?
3	name the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
3	what mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
3	when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ?
3	what team did baseball 's st. louis browns become ?
3	name the various super-teams to which the angel has belonged .
3	who was jean nicolet ?
3	who said `` give me liberty or give me death '' ?
3	saddam hussein was compared to whom by president bush ?
3	what dynasty star made her 2th century-fox debut in the virgin queen ?
3	rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
3	which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
3	what radio , tv and movie character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
3	what has been the most common christian name of u.s. presidents ?
3	who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
3	who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
3	who shot lee harvey oswald ?
3	what was the name of the cook on rawhide ?
3	who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
3	who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president 's men ?
3	what record company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
3	what 's comic strip photographer peter parker 's secret identity ?
3	who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
3	what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
3	what comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ?
3	what fictional character is known as the `` melancholy dane '' ?
3	what company produces spumante ?
3	who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
3	what baseball great plugged mr. coffee ?
3	what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
3	name dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
3	what chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
3	what soviet leader owned a rolls-royce ?
3	what national league baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
3	who was the 1st u.s. president ?
3	who is the pope ?
3	who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
3	what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
3	what doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` there is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
3	what are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
3	what is the occupation of nicholas cage ?
3	who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ?
3	whose image is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
3	whose kidnaping was termed the crime of the century ?
3	name a female figure skater .
3	what was michelangelo 's last name ?
3	which of the following celebrities was not born in philadelphia ?
3	which u.s. president is buried in washington , d.c. ?
3	who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
3	who protects dc comics ' realm of dreams ?
3	silly putty was invented by whom ?
3	name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials .
3	what little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
3	what was william f. cody 's better-known name ?
3	who discovered imaginary numbers ?
3	who is johnny carson ?
3	who is the `` queen mother '' ?
3	who made the first airplane that could fly ?
3	what are the names of jacques cousteau 's two sons ?
3	what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
3	who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ?
3	who is the greek god of the sea ?
3	name the four horsemen of the apocalypse .
3	who declared : `` i am down on whores and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
3	who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
3	who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
3	who wrote the book , `` song of solomon '' ?
3	who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
3	what french designer declared : `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
3	name 11 famous martyrs .
3	who wrote the secret life of walter mitty ?
3	who painted mother and child ?
3	what japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
3	who created the comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
3	which classical spanish writer said `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
3	what is the best internet business to go into ?
3	who is stephen hawking ?
3	who made the first gas engine ?
3	what is the name of the deranged super-criminal otto octavius uses ?
3	what u.s. congressman said : `` keep the faith , baby '' .
3	which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes scholar ?
3	who built the first pyramid ?
3	which glamorous actress is a close friend of dick tracy ?
3	who is dear abby ?
3	who directed citizen kane ?
3	what is the most popular last name ?
3	what bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco ?
3	who wrote sons and lovers ?
3	who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
3	who was william henry harrison ?
3	which organization is the security council a part of ?
3	who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
3	what president 's ghost is said to haunt the white house ?
3	what president served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
3	what is steve rogers 's profession when he 's not captain america ?
3	what former president 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
3	who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
3	what actress 's autobiography is titled shelley : also known as shirley ?
3	whose biography by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ?
3	who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
3	what green bay packers coach philosophized : `` there 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
3	what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the field of engineering ?
3	what explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
3	what civilization invented the arch ?
3	who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
3	who was thucydides ?
3	what 2th-century american poet wrote a four-volume biography of abraham lincoln ?
3	who made the first airplane ?
3	what company 's trademark was his master 's voice ?
3	who are cartoondom 's super six ?
3	what is li 'l abner 's last name ?
3	name the creator of `` the muppets '' .
3	what was called the world 's largest department store ?
3	who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
3	who said : `` old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
3	what diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
3	name randy craft 's lawyer .
3	what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad boxes ?
3	who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
3	what 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
3	who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
3	what professional sports league originated the college draft ?
3	what knighted actor narrates tv 's the world at war ?
3	who died with more than 1 , 000 u.s. patents to his credit ?
3	what television network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
3	what company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
3	who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
3	who was monet ?
3	what 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the soviet communist party ?
3	in the past 8 years who have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
3	what engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
3	what argentine revolutionary fought with castro and died in bolivia in may , 1979 ?
3	who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
3	who is the voice of miss piggy ?
3	who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
3	who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum '' ?
3	who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
3	who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
3	who wrote brave new world ?
3	what is the real name of the singer , madonna ?
3	what is the name of the company that manufactures the `` american girl '' doll collection ?
3	what is jimmy olsen 's full name ?
3	what feminist wrote sexual politics and flying ?
3	what was the name of the us helicopter pilot shot down over north korea ?
3	who used auh2o as an election slogan ?
3	what famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
3	what company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
3	what attorney-general ordered the closing of alcatraz ?
3	who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
3	who was the 3rd president of the united states ?
3	what organization did mr. waverly assign agents for ?
3	name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
3	what u.s. general died december 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
3	who invented the game scrabble ?
3	who produces spumante ?
3	what are the major companies that are part of dow jones ?
3	woodrow wilson served as president of what university ?
3	name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
3	what is the name of the woman who was with john belushi when he died ?
3	what is the world 's largest distilling company ?
3	who is archie bunker 's son-in-law ?
3	what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
3	what new york yankee was known as the iron horse ?
3	who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
3	who was darius ?
3	what u.s. vice-president killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
3	who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
3	what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
3	what company named one of its pens `` the banana '' ?
3	who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
3	what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
3	what well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
3	who killed gandhi ?
3	what 's the better-known identity of john merrick , the noble ogre of victorian england ?
3	who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
3	who penned : `` neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
3	what university fired angela davis ?
3	what department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
3	name the organization that is presided by a security council .
3	what presidential administration challenged americans to explore the new frontier ?
3	what are the four railways in monopoly ?
3	what poet wrote : `` ... i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep '' ?
3	what tv talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
3	who created the character of scrooge ?
3	what cheery fellow got the zip code 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
3	what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
3	what is her profession ?
3	what college did joe namath play football for ?
3	who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ?
3	what is the present pope named ?
3	what buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
3	who wrote `` the scarlet letter '' ?
3	who was the girl in peter sellers 's soup ?
3	what was football star elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
3	who is desmond tutu ?
3	who is the incredible hulk in reality ?
3	who was gerald ford 's vice president ?
3	name the various costumed personas of dr. henry pym .
3	who is the voyager project manager ?
3	what is the name of a greek god ?
3	what fruit-topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
3	who gave king arthur the round table ?
3	what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
3	who was the first king of england ?
3	who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
3	who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
3	what count did alexandre dumas write about ?
3	who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
3	who makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
3	what is the name of the american who was captured when his plane went down over syrian-held lebanon ?
3	what former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` space man '' ?
3	who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
3	what bottled-up tv character was born in baghdad ?
3	who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
3	what u.s. vice-president once declared : `` if you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
3	who says , `` if you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
3	what rock group raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ?
3	who played the title role in my favorite martian ?
3	who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
3	who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
3	who invented the lawnmower ?
3	rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
3	who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
3	what does larry king do for a living ?
3	what south vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
3	what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
3	what was her real name ?
3	what is the name of joan jett 's band ?
3	what composer was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d. roosevelt ?
3	what was the backup singing group for roy rogers ?
3	who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
3	what are the top boy names in the u.s. ?
3	what actor said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
3	whose cover is that of an employee of universal import and export ?
3	who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ?
3	who was actress june havoc 's legendary sister ?
3	what was mao 's second name ?
3	name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
3	what professional cricketer 's son wrote the war of the worlds in 1898 ?
3	who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
3	who is shirley maclaine ?
3	who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
3	who is the founder of scientology ?
3	who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
3	what was the name of the first watergate special prosecutor , later fired by nixon ?
3	what is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
3	who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
3	which radio stations air the jim bohannon radio talk show ?
3	what american naval officer broke japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
3	cnn is owned by whom ?
3	who is count cinzano ?
3	whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
3	what kind of organization is ` last chance for animals ' ?
3	what journalist can be found in and around walden puddle ?
3	what 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
3	what title does comedian henry youngman claim ?
3	who invented the electric guitar ?
3	what is a society ruled by elders ?
3	who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
3	who developed the first polio vaccine ?
3	which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
3	who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
3	what actor was the first man to appear on the cover of mccall 's ?
3	which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
3	which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
3	who is charles lindbergh ?
3	what actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading scotland forever ?
3	what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ?
3	who killed lee harvey oswald ?
3	who spoke the only word in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
3	who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
3	which two inventors invented post-its ?
3	name a french fascist party .
3	who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ?
3	what ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
3	what singer 's hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
3	who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
3	what occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
3	what character narrates treasure island ?
3	who died 1 feet from where john f. kennedy did ?
3	what international organization was founded by clara barton ?
3	who 's played the most games for the new york yankees ?
3	who wrote the lyrics to porgy and bess ?
3	what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy craft ?
3	who turned all he touched to gold ?
3	who invented the radio ?
3	what was thatcher 's first name ?
3	name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
3	who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
3	what is the first personal computer company ?
3	what nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
3	who is the prophet of medina ?
3	who was bonnie blue butler 's father ?
3	what girl 's name is `` teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
3	what actress has received the most oscar nominations ?
3	who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ?
3	who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
3	who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
3	who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ?
3	who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
3	who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
3	what is nathan hamill 's role in the new star wars prequel ?
3	what is the oldest profession ?
3	who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
3	what female faith healer wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
3	who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ?
3	who created the monster in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
3	who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
3	what is the name of the president of garmat u.s.a ?
3	who did sara jane moore try to assassinate ?
3	in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
3	what well-known actor is the father of star alan alda ?
3	what american actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
3	what french leader sold louisiana to the united states ?
3	what classical spanish writer warned : `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
3	who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ?
3	what group kidnaped patricia hearst ?
3	who invented the wonderbra ?
3	what task does the bouvier breed of dog perform ?
3	who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ?
3	what creative genius said : `` everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
3	who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
3	who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
3	who stopped making diary entries on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
3	what director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
3	who is the owner of cnn ?
3	who shot billy the kid ?
3	what was the name of `` the muppets '' creator ?
3	who was the first american in space ?
3	what are the three most successful companies of our time ?
3	what artist 's studio was the bateau-lavoir in montmartre ?
3	who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
3	what character in the beverly hillbillies has the given names daisy moses ?
3	who portrayed w.c. fields in the film w.c. fields and me ?
3	who invented panties ?
3	who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
3	what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
3	what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ?
3	what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
3	who wrote the book , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
3	what u.s. vice-president said : `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
3	what party was winston churchill a member of ?
3	who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
3	who directed `` jaws '' ?
3	what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
3	who is the fastest guitarist ?
3	who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
3	who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
3	what kind of company is 7-eleven ?
3	who is the premier of china ?
3	what president had never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house ?
3	what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ?
3	what business exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
3	what was the name of the titanic 's captain ?
3	which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
3	who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
3	what non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
3	what u.s. air force general led the first bombing raid over tokyo ?
3	what british prime minister and u.s. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
3	who is malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
3	what was the name of darth vader 's son ?
3	who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
3	who was damocles ?
3	who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
3	who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
3	what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
3	who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
3	who wrote the night of the iguana ?
3	who has won the most super bowls ?
3	who told all in ball four ?
3	who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
3	who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
3	who created dennis the menace ?
3	what president also became a supreme court justice ?
3	what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
3	who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
3	what company 's logo is a `` w '' in a circle ?
3	who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
3	what president kissed the queen mother on the lips ?
3	who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
3	who was made the first honorary citizen of the u.s. ?
3	what u.s. senator once played basketball for the new york knicks ?
3	who plays shortstop for charlie brown 's baseball team ?
3	who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ?
3	what famous british actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
3	who was the king who signed the magna carta ?
3	what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
3	who is the worst us president ever ?
3	who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
3	which high schools are included in the south florida ice hockey league ?
3	what name does the world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
3	who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
3	who painted `` soft self-portrait with grilled bacon '' ?
3	what was the name of humphrey bogart 's club in casablanca ?
3	what is the best art and design school in the world ?
3	who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
3	what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
3	what card company sells christmas ornaments ?
3	who is the prophet of the religion of islam ?
3	who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
3	which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
3	what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
3	what fool is not so wise to lose an oath to win a paradise ?
3	what diminutive american female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 olympics ?
3	who is samuel f. pickering ?
3	who was the inventor of the stove ?
3	what is the protagonist 's name in dostoevski 's `` the idiot '' ?
3	who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
3	who is the french literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
3	what baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
3	who is the president of ghana ?
3	which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` outstanding mother award '' from the national mother 's day committee ?
3	who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service registration ?
3	which college did dikembe mutombo attend ?
3	who was jane goodall ?
3	what u.s. general was court-martialled for criticizing american air power ?
3	who killed caesar ?
3	who was jinnah ?
3	what group included abbey hoffman , jerry rubin , and tom hayden ?
3	whom does uncle duke 's girl friend , honey , room with ?
3	what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
3	who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
3	who owns the rights on a tv program ?
3	who made the first surfboard ?
3	who was the tallest u.s. president ?
3	who earns their money the hard way ?
3	in what high-risk business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
3	who does the advertizing for frito-lay ?
3	who is the leader of india ?
3	what u.s. president had brothers-in-law in the confederate army ?
3	what pseudonym did william sydney porter use in writing the gift of the magi ?
3	who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
3	what longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
3	who owns cnn ?
3	who was the first american world chess champion ?
3	who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
3	what did the seven dwarfs do for a living ?
3	who was the lyricist and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
3	who is colin powell ?
3	who was confucius ?
3	who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
3	who invented `` the muppets '' ?
3	who 's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ?
3	what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
3	what president-to-be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
3	who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
3	what two presidents of the u.s. published books of poetry ?
3	what russian master spy lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ?
3	who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
3	what was the business of the animated sky hawks ?
3	what mayor made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
3	what people make up half the soviet union 's population ?
3	who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ?
3	what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
3	who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
3	who awarded the flying fickle finger of fate ?
3	what famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for blue nun wine ?
3	who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
3	who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
3	who is henry butler ?
3	what name did football 's new york titans adopt in 1963 ?
3	what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
3	who is olive oyl 's brother ?
3	what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
3	what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 children ?
3	who is the queen of holland ?
3	who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
3	what national basketball association superstar told his story in giant steps ?
3	what character did tex avery first create upon arriving at mgm ?
3	whose husbands have included conrad hilton jr. , and michael wilding ?
3	what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ?
3	what was the name of randy craft 's lawyer ?
3	what u.s. government agency registers trademarks ?
3	what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
3	who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
3	which of the following people is not associated with andy warhol ?
3	what organization was founded by the rev. jerry falwell ?
3	what director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
3	who 's won the most oscars for costume design ?
3	who did arthur h. bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ?
3	what organization has a security council ?
3	what is the name of miss india 1994 ?
3	what apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
3	what wild and crazy guy wrote a book called cruel shoes ?
3	what hall of fame pitcher started three world series games for the new york yankees in 1962 ?
3	who developed potlatch ?
3	who played the father on `` charles in charge '' ?
3	name a south african diamond producer ?
3	what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson 's bakery ?
3	what astronomer-architect designed the present st. paul 's cathedral in london ?
3	what is drew barrymore 's middle name ?
3	which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's abdication ?
3	what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
3	who created the character james bond ?
3	what two commanders directed the forces in the battle of el alamein ?
3	who was israel 's first prime minister ?
3	who headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
3	who is the richest woman in the world ?
3	name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
3	who is the richest person in the world ?
3	who was lauren bacall 's first husband ?
3	what one of the backstreet boys are single ?
3	what company is the largest japanese ship builder ?
3	what mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
3	who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
3	who was ben casey 's boss ?
3	what son of a 15-year-old mexican girl and a half-irish father became the world 's most famous greek ?
3	who were the head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
3	what were babe ruth 's christian names ?
3	name of the lady the great gatsby pines for ?
3	name of the powerful white trader in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
3	what world war ii leader declared : `` the blow has been struck '' ?
3	who wrote the ugly duckling ?
3	what was the nickname of model leslie hornby ?
3	who is the head of the world bank ?
3	what suburban housewife and mother of three wrote the feminine mystique ?
3	what comedian was born allen stewart konigsberg ?
3	what culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
3	who 's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
3	what jockey won 17 triple crown races ?
3	which of these are authors ?
3	what court does bob woodward describe in the brethren ?
3	who is the youngest of the beatles ?
3	who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
3	who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
3	who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland ?
3	what actress starred in `` the lion in winter '' ?
3	the name of the actor who played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
3	who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
3	what actor first portrayed james bond ?
3	who was the first person inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ?
3	what actor came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ?
3	what singer sings `` oh boy '' ?
3	what president was assassinated by charles j. guiteau ?
3	who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
3	name the u.s. senate majority leader and the speaker of the house .
3	who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
3	who wrote ` the pines of rome ' ?
3	what appointments secretary to richard nixon went to jail ?
3	what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
3	what frenchman claimed the following ? if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
3	which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
3	who is robin williams ?
3	who was the first woman in space ?
3	what labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
3	what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
3	what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
3	who came up with the name , el nino ?
3	what ivy league school plays its home games at palmer stadium ?
3	what former african leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
3	whose special bear 's creator was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
3	who directed the wild bunch ?
3	what nfl team did vince lombardi end his coaching career with ?
3	who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
3	who sings the themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
3	what cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` you 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
3	who does data collection in tourism ?
3	what is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
3	what group asked the musical question do you believe in magic ?
3	what baseball player was walked the most times ?
3	who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
3	what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
3	who played emperor palpatine in star wars ?
3	who wrote the song , `` silent night '' ?
3	who played the original charlie 's angels ?
3	what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
3	what american league baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
3	who is the mayor of marbella ?
3	who domesticated the wild turkey ?
3	who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings ?
3	what famous model was married to billy joel ?
3	what was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
3	what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ?
3	what government department did the untouchables work for ?
3	in the movie groundshog day what is the name of the character played by andie macdowell ?
3	who started the dominos pizza chain ?
3	who does the voices of the simpsons ?
3	who 's the founder and editor of the national review ?
3	what writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
3	what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
3	what doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
3	what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
3	what title did shevardnadze have during the soviet era ?
3	who made the rotary engine automobile ?
3	what was the name of randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
3	who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
3	what cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
3	who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
3	who is the president of bolivia ?
3	what is a person called that likes fire ?
3	who was the first governor of west virginia ?
3	name the three races unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics .
3	whose cupboard was bare ?
3	what two baseball players make up the battery ?
3	what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
3	which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
3	who was the inventor of silly putty ?
3	name alvin 's brothers
3	what 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
3	which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
3	who is desmond tutu ?
3	who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ?
3	who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ?
3	what good little witch is casper 's girlfriend ?
3	who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ?
3	who is coronado ?
3	name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
3	who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
3	what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
3	who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
3	what u.s. president was the first to breed mules ?
3	what was the infamous pseudonym of peter sutcliffe ?
3	what was al capone 's nickname ?
3	what six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
3	what were the last names of gangsters bonnie and clyde ?
3	who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
3	whose video is titled shape up with arnold ?
3	what company sells the most greeting cards ?
3	what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut 's comic strip ?
3	who did the seven mules block for ?
3	who wrote the song , `` stardust '' ?
3	who was tiny tim 's father ?
3	which german president was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
3	who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ?
3	who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
3	what apostle is taylor caldwell 's great lion of god ?
3	who owns the st. louis rams ?
3	whose funeral train traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ?
3	what company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
3	who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
3	what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ?
3	who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
3	what explorers followed columbus to the americas ?
3	what baseball team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
3	who is the most sexy celebrity ?
3	who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
3	what is the name of dolly parton 's rarely seen husband ?
3	who is zebulon pike ?
3	who followed caesar ?
3	what role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
3	who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
3	what batman character tools around on a batcycle ?
3	what american poet wrote : `` good fences make good neighbors '' ?
3	who was the pride of the yankees ?
3	what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ?
3	who are woody woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
3	what actor married john f. kennedy 's sister ?
3	what toy company is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
3	who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
3	what president 's favorite biblical quotation was : `` come now , and let us reason together '' .
3	which presidents of the usa were masons ?
3	what 2th-century fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
3	who invented basketball ?
3	who painted the sistine chapel ?
3	what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
3	who first broke the sound barrier ?
3	who was picasso ?
3	what is michael jackson 's middle name ?
3	what university football team did o.j. simpson take to the rose bowl ?
3	what actor and actress have made the most movies ?
3	who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ?
3	who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
3	name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
3	what are the only players eligible to score points in roller derby called ?
3	what was the name of the confederate mounted guerrilla group with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ?
3	what catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities ?
3	what information can you tell me about actor james cromwell ?
3	who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
3	name pittsburgh 's baseball team .
3	whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
3	what is alice cooper 's real name ?
3	who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
3	who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
3	which king signed the magna carta ?
3	name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four 's thing .
3	who portrayed renaud in casablanca ?
3	name the two youngsters saved by the animated moby dick .
3	who is the sexiest women in the world ?
3	what are the residents of the island of lesbos called ?
3	what is the best college in the country ?
3	who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
3	who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official mascot ?
3	what was mao , the chinese leader 's , full name ?
3	what 's the name of pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
3	what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
3	who is barbara jordan ?
3	what is goldfinger 's first name ?
3	what stereo manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its time '' ?
3	what chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
3	who played maria in the film west side story ?
3	what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
3	who is the father of the computer ?
3	who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity ?
3	who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
3	who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
3	who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
3	what is a person called that likes fire ?
3	who invented television ?
3	when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his profession ?
3	name the first private citizen to fly in space .
3	who sought to create the great society ?
3	what english queen had seventeen children ?
3	what store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
3	who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
3	who said , `` i shall return . '' during world war two ?
3	who found hawaii ?
3	who played lucas mccain on the rifleman ?
3	what u.s. university boasts the largest library ?
3	what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ?
3	whose first presidential order was : `` let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
3	who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ?
3	what american sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
3	who killed martin luther king ?
3	who is westview high 's band director in funky winkerbean ?
3	what british general surrendered to the colonial army at saratoga ?
3	which former ku klux klan member won an elected office in the u.s. ?
3	who made stonehenge ?
3	who was the first elected mayor of washington , d.c. ?
3	what was eduard shevardnadze 's job in the soviet union ?
3	what police force did mack sennett create ?
3	who invented the stethoscope ?
3	what radio station did paul harvey work for ?
3	what was the previous name for the commonwealth ?
3	who invented astroturf ?
3	what comedienne calls her sister-in-law captain bligh and her mother-in-law moby dick ?
3	what 19th-century writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
3	what english explorer discovered and named virginia ?
3	who markets spaghetti-o 's ?
3	who was camp david named for ?
3	who was whitcomb judson ?
3	who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
3	which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
3	what english playwright penned : `` where the bee sucks , so shall i '' ?
3	what title did suzette charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
3	name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
3	what president was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the hudson river at hyde park , new york ?
3	who patented the first phonograph ?
3	what major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
3	what future soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to marxism ?
3	who was darth vader 's son ?
3	what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
3	who was the president of vichy france ?
3	what was the nickname of german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
3	name the on stage character whose face was never seen .
3	who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
3	what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
3	who created `` the muppets '' ?
3	what is the name of the brilliant british economist behind its creation ?
3	what kind of women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
3	who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
3	what california governor said : `` inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
3	who was the lawyer for randy craft ?
3	who sells viagra ?
3	who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
3	what is dr. ruth 's last name ?
3	whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros. cartoon ranks ?
3	who was hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
3	what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
3	who invented the paper clip ?
3	who invented silly putty ?
3	what is pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
3	who founded the unification church ?
3	which of the following men was not married to rita hayworth ?
3	what comedian was the perfect fool ?
3	who is the prime minister of japan ?
3	who declared : `` i think i 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
3	what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
3	who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
3	what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
3	what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
3	who 's the king of swing ?
3	who is mia farrow 's mother ?
3	what college football team did knute rockne build into a power ?
3	who invented volleyball ?
3	who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
3	who wrote the godfather ?
3	who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
3	what is the name of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election ?
3	who discovered electricity ?
3	what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
3	which nba players had jersey number 0 ?
3	who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
3	what new orleans d.a. claimed : `` my staff and i solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
3	who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
3	what asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
3	what is the best distance education university or college ?
3	who wrote ` hamlet ' ?
3	who is the composer of `` canon in d major '' ?
3	what organization is the security council a part of ?
3	who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
3	what was the occupation of mandy rice-davies ?
3	who is the creator of `` the muppets '' ?
3	who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox ?
3	who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
3	name one of the major gods of hinduism .
3	who was the supreme god of germanic religion ?
3	who was samuel johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
3	who wrote the sci-fi trilogy foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ?
3	which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three times ?
3	what are the top ten all-time money making nfl teams ?
3	who is terrence malick ?
3	who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
3	who was scrooge 's dead partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
3	what are arnold palmer 's fans called ?
3	who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
3	who is the director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
3	who invented the toothbrush ?
3	who was the star of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
3	what is the name of the firm that makes spumante ?
3	who 's the only u.s. president to have won a pulitzer prize ?
3	who was garrett morgan married to ?
3	what woman was time 's man of the year for 1952 ?
3	what team did babe ruth play his first major league game for ?
3	what robust u.s. president imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
3	which rockefeller was sometimes called `` jdr3 '' ?
3	who is the prime minister in norway ?
3	who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ?
3	who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
3	who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
3	what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
3	what record company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
3	who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
3	name one of king henry viii 's wives .
3	who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
3	what boxer 's life story is titled raging bull ?
3	what kind of people took part in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
3	what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
3	who was the oldest u.s. president ?
3	who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden firestorm ?
3	who became president of the u.s. in 1789 ?
3	what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , creator of the hero lew archer ?
3	who is prince naseem hamed ?
3	what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
3	what player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
3	who killed kurt cobain ?
3	who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
3	who won the superbowl in ?
3	what author was appointed u.s. ambassador to spain in 1842 ?
3	who created maudie frickett ?
3	whose old london come-on was : `` buy my sweet lavender '' ?
3	who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
3	who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television show ?
3	who won oscars for her roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
3	what was the ventura county police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
3	which team won the super bowl in 1968 ?
3	who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
3	what president once told gene autry : `` please give my regards to your wife dale '' ?
3	what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
3	what tennis player has the nickname `` nasty '' ?
3	who portrayed the title character in the film the day of the jackal ?
3	who were the yankee 's frequent enemies ?
3	who is peter weir ?
3	what fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
3	what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
3	who designed london bridge ?
3	what hockey player did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
3	who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
3	who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
3	who was the prophet of the jewish people ?
3	what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ?
3	what king boycotted prince charles 's wedding ?
3	what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
3	what kind of business is 7-eleven ?
3	who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
3	what does nicholas cage do for a living ?
3	what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
3	name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by nancy and chuck .
3	what wrestling star became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
3	who invented batteries ?
3	name of scholar on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
3	who was the last woman executed in england ?
3	what actor and world war ii airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by hermann goering ?
3	who wrote nn dt nnp nnp '' ?
3	what is the viking prince 's first name ?
3	what author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
3	who was red grange ?
3	what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ?
3	what barroom judge called himself the law west of the pecos ?
3	what famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
3	what is the real name of disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
3	which member of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
3	who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
3	which of the following actors worked in new york 's yiddish theater ?
3	who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
3	who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
3	who is the son-in-law of sen. everett dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
3	who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ?
3	what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
3	what is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
3	what baseball player was known as charley hustle ?
3	who 's the only president buried in washington
3	who was the first person to study the stars ?
3	what was queen victoria 's title regarding india ?
3	what well-known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
3	what was the role of the medieval guild ?
3	who bestowed great power upon captain britain ?
3	what british monarch 's lap did p.t. barnum 's tom thumb sit in ?
3	what was darth vader 's son named ?
3	who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
3	what english queen had six fingers on one hand ?
3	who is langston hughes ?
3	who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
3	who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
3	what political party is sinn fein a part of ?
3	what is the most common name ?
3	what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
3	who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
3	who shoplifts ?
3	what pillar of the dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating the bust of homer ?
3	who was lacan ?
3	what baseball team became the minnesota twins ?
3	which of the seven dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
3	whose singing voice was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
3	who created big ben ?
3	what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ?
3	what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
3	what comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
3	what italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
3	who were the picts ?
3	what is larry king 's job ?
3	who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
3	who invented the game bowling ?
3	the lawyer who represented randy craft , what was his name ?
3	what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
3	who was sherlock holmes 's archenemy ?
3	who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first secretary of the communist party ?
3	what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
3	who said : `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
3	who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
3	who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
3	what famous communist leader died in mexico city ?
3	what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
3	name the lawyer for randy craft .
3	who gave us the `` rolling writer '' ?
3	who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ?
3	what actor 's autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ?
4	what state in the u.s. has the most blacks ?
4	which country is the largest country in latin america ?
4	what is the country of origin for the name thomas ?
4	what is drew barrymore 's email address ?
4	where did the ukulele originate ?
4	what country is the origin of the band the creeps ?
4	what is the fastest growing state in the u.s.a. in 1998 ?
4	what japanese city was once called edo ?
4	what is the principal river of ireland ?
4	which way do you turn your bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
5	when was berlin 's brandenburg gate erected ?
5	what year were the olympic games played in where nadia comaneci became popular ?
5	when did thatcher become prime minister ?
5	how many visitors go to the vatican each year ?
5	how many chairs are shown in vincent van gogh 's 188 work the artist 's room in arles ?
5	how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
5	how many bottles of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ?
5	how many points is a disk in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
5	how far can a man travel in outer space ?
5	how many teats does a female goat sport ?
