what does hiv stand for ?
what does a&w of root beer fame stand for ?
what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
what does s.o.s. stand for ?
what does nafta stand for ?
what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
what function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
what is a wart ?
what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
what is the nursery rhyme rock-a-by baby about ?
why was the l.a. office of shea and gould closed ?
how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
what is garry kasparov famous for ?
what is the history of `` the toast '' ?
what are pomegranates ?
what does seccession mean ?
what is margaret thatcher known for ?
how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
what is a swatch ?
what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
what 's the singular of dice ?
what is the trademark of a washington redskin 's fan ?
what beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
what does a deltiologist collect ?
what kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
what is the dot on an the letter i called ?
stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
what film was jude law in ?
what did vasco da gama discover ?
what type of food makes you fat ?
what is the alphabet for latin ?
what took first prize in omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
what are the names of all the u.s. navy aircraft carriers ?
what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
what did esquire name ash hole of the year for 1980 ?
what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ?
what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
what 1976 deep throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
what ernest hemingway novel had the working title fiesta ?
what british tv series featured emma peel ?
what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
aspartame is known by what other name ?
what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
what kennedy was married to ethel ?
what triple crown-winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
what are some translations of the phrase `` thank-you '' ?
what is a fear of being cold ?
what is the most radioactive food ?
what breed of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ?
what famous events have happened on march 27 ?
what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12
what kinds of animals are in cambodia ?
what 's the highest possible bid in contract bridge ?
what does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
what common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
which operating system runs on ibm-compatible machines ?
what did aaron hass write ?
how do you say `` grandma '' in irish ?
what is the longest word in the english language ?
what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ?
what songs were popular in 1948 ?
what kind of science is cosmology ?
what product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
what is november 's birthstone ?
what does a tarantula eat ?
what is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
what plant has the largest seed ?
what is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the english language ?
what does a phobophobe fear ?
name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
what did the gas house gang play ?
what animals do you find in the stock market ?
in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
what organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its success ?
what was cash-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ?
what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
what ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
what 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
what color beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
what did martin luther post on the church door at wittenberg ?
what race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
what are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
what is the term for a group of geese ?
what is the largest sculpture in the world ?
what eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
what two animals are specifically mentioned as being in noah 's ark ?
what are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
what novel has big brother watching ?
what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
what is kept in fort knox that is so valuable ?
what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
what is the most common cancer ?
what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
what is a fear of going to bed ?
what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
what instrument does benny carter play ?
what kind of meat is fray bentos synonymous with ?
what 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
what was the sister ship of the olympic ?
what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
who invented panties ?
who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ?
what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
who wrote the book , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
what u.s. vice-president said : `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
what party was winston churchill a member of ?
who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
who directed `` jaws '' ?
what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
who is the fastest guitarist ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
what kind of company is 7-eleven ?
who is the premier of china ?
what president had never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house ?
what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ?
what business exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
what was the name of the titanic 's captain ?
which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
what non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
what u.s. air force general led the first bombing raid over tokyo ?
what british prime minister and u.s. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
who is malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
what was the name of darth vader 's son ?
who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
who was damocles ?
who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
who wrote the night of the iguana ?
who has won the most super bowls ?
who told all in ball four ?
who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
who created dennis the menace ?
what president also became a supreme court justice ?
what country lies directly south of detroit ?
what planet did percival lovell discover ?
what city houses the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ?
which two states enclose chesapeake bay ?
what are all the southern states of the u.s. ?
how many acres in a mile ?
when is boxing day ?
how many people are taller than 7 feet ?
when did the vesuvius last erupt ?
how long does it take for spider-man 's web to evaporate ?
on average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
