0	what does hiv stand for ?
0	what does a&w of root beer fame stand for ?
0	what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
0	what does s.o.s. stand for ?
0	what does nafta stand for ?
1	what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
1	what function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
1	what is a wart ?
1	what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
1	what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
1	how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
1	what is the nursery rhyme rock-a-by baby about ?
1	why was the l.a. office of shea and gould closed ?
1	how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
1	what is garry kasparov famous for ?
1	what is the history of `` the toast '' ?
1	what are pomegranates ?
1	what does seccession mean ?
1	what is margaret thatcher known for ?
1	how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
1	what is a swatch ?
2	what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
2	what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
2	what 's the singular of dice ?
2	what is the trademark of a washington redskin 's fan ?
2	what beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
2	what does a deltiologist collect ?
2	what kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
2	what is the dot on an the letter i called ?
2	stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
2	what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
2	what film was jude law in ?
2	what did vasco da gama discover ?
2	what type of food makes you fat ?
2	what is the alphabet for latin ?
2	what took first prize in omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
2	what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
2	what are the names of all the u.s. navy aircraft carriers ?
2	what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
2	what did esquire name ash hole of the year for 1980 ?
2	what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ?
2	what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
2	what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
2	what 1976 deep throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
2	what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
2	what ernest hemingway novel had the working title fiesta ?
2	what british tv series featured emma peel ?
2	what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
2	aspartame is known by what other name ?
2	what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
2	what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
2	what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
2	what kennedy was married to ethel ?
2	what triple crown-winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
2	what are some translations of the phrase `` thank-you '' ?
2	what is a fear of being cold ?
2	what is the most radioactive food ?
2	what breed of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ?
2	what famous events have happened on march 27 ?
2	what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12
2	what kinds of animals are in cambodia ?
2	what 's the highest possible bid in contract bridge ?
2	what does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
2	what common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
2	what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
2	which operating system runs on ibm-compatible machines ?
2	what did aaron hass write ?
2	how do you say `` grandma '' in irish ?
2	what is the longest word in the english language ?
2	what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ?
2	what songs were popular in 1948 ?
2	what kind of science is cosmology ?
2	what product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
2	what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
2	what soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
2	what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
2	what is november 's birthstone ?
2	what does a tarantula eat ?
2	what is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
2	what plant has the largest seed ?
2	what is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the english language ?
2	what does a phobophobe fear ?
2	name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
2	what did the gas house gang play ?
2	what animals do you find in the stock market ?
2	in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
2	what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
2	what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
2	what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
2	what organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
2	what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
2	to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its success ?
2	what was cash-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ?
2	what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
2	what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
2	what ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
2	what 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
2	what color beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
2	what did martin luther post on the church door at wittenberg ?
2	what race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
2	what are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
2	what is the term for a group of geese ?
2	what is the largest sculpture in the world ?
2	what eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
2	what two animals are specifically mentioned as being in noah 's ark ?
2	what are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
2	what novel has big brother watching ?
2	what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
2	what is kept in fort knox that is so valuable ?
2	what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
2	what is the most common cancer ?
2	what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
2	what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
2	what is a fear of going to bed ?
2	what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
2	what instrument does benny carter play ?
2	what kind of meat is fray bentos synonymous with ?
2	what 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
2	what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
2	what was the sister ship of the olympic ?
2	what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
3	who invented panties ?
3	who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
3	what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
3	what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ?
3	what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
3	who wrote the book , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
3	what u.s. vice-president said : `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
3	what party was winston churchill a member of ?
3	who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
3	who directed `` jaws '' ?
3	what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
3	who is the fastest guitarist ?
3	who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
3	who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
3	what kind of company is 7-eleven ?
3	who is the premier of china ?
3	what president had never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house ?
3	what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ?
3	what business exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
3	what was the name of the titanic 's captain ?
3	which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
3	who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
3	what non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
3	what u.s. air force general led the first bombing raid over tokyo ?
3	what british prime minister and u.s. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
3	who is malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
3	what was the name of darth vader 's son ?
3	who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
3	who was damocles ?
3	who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
3	who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
3	what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
3	who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
3	who wrote the night of the iguana ?
3	who has won the most super bowls ?
3	who told all in ball four ?
3	who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
3	who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
3	who created dennis the menace ?
3	what president also became a supreme court justice ?
4	what country lies directly south of detroit ?
4	what planet did percival lovell discover ?
4	what city houses the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ?
4	which two states enclose chesapeake bay ?
4	what are all the southern states of the u.s. ?
5	how many acres in a mile ?
5	when is boxing day ?
5	how many people are taller than 7 feet ?
5	when did the vesuvius last erupt ?
5	how long does it take for spider-man 's web to evaporate ?
5	on average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
