cnn is the abbreviation for what ?
what does bmw stand for ?
what does sids stand for ?
what does nasa stand for ?
what does the abbreviation ioc stand for ?
what does the channel espn stand for ?
what is the abbreviation of the national bureau of investigation ?
what does the word laser mean ?
what is lmds ?
what exactly is radiation ?
what is recruitment interview technique ?
what are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
what does esa-pekka salonen look like ?
why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
what is nitrox diving ?
what is a leper ?
what do the names andrew and christina mean ?
what is `` dew point '' ?
why is the development of space so important ?
what is a guild ?
what is the peloponnesian league ?
what do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
what is a jellicle cat ?
what does camera-ready art mean ?
what caused the lynmouth floods ?
what is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
what does aaron mean ?
what is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
what does storm wave mean in japanese ?
what are geckos ?
how did edith bunker die ?
what is the origin of the city `` corpus christi '' ?
how is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
what is diabetes ?
why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
what is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
what is time ?
what is a portal ?
what does hazmat stand for ?
how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
how successful is arometherapy ?
what are amicable numbers ?
what do insects do through their spiracles ?
what causes pneumonia ?
what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ?
why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
what is the song stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
what is a pyrotechnic display ?
what is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
what is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
what are hook worms ?
in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
why are so many umbrellas black ?
what do i need to learn to design web pages ?
what is the virus hiv ?
why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ?
what are the lyrics to `` smelly cat '' ?
what are a baseball team 's firemen ?
why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
colin powell is famous for what ?
how can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
how did bob marley die ?
what is a jake brake ?
what is a philanthropist ?
why do people get calluses ?
why are there braille things on the atm machines that people drive through ?
what does the word `` opera '' mean ?
what does n est-ce pas mean ?
what makes popcorn pop ?
what is swap math ?
what is the difference between love and infatuation ?
how do i love thee ?
how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ?
what is platinum ?
why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
how can i register my website in yahoo for free ?
what category does the color pink denote in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition ?
what is the design of the ship titanic ?
what is spumante ?
how do i make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
what is humidity ?
how can i get rich quick ?
what is compaq 's mission statement ?
what is porphyria ?
what is the aim-54c phoenix ?
what does an echidna look like ?
what does inuit and eskimo mean ?
what are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
what is the origin of infinity ?
what was the v-8 juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
what does elysium mean ?
what does the dot on the letter i mean ?
what is a common dolphin ?
what is a urologist ?
how you can raise your iq ?
what are cobol , fortran , and pascal ?
how do you make a computer chip ?
what is a neurosurgeon ?
what does the term glory hole mean ?
what is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
what is a stratocaster ?
how would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
what is typhoid fever ?
define cosmology .
what is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ? ''
what is a bourdon tube ?
what is the order of the arrow in boy scouts ?
what is a drought ?
what is toulmin logic ?
what 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
how did jayne mansfield die ?
what are field effect transistors ?
what is a courier ?
what 's the setting of john le carre 's a small town in germany ?
how do you measure the heat of the sun ?
what will the weather be today ?
how can you be happy ?
what is the kashmir issue ?
what beer is ` rockin ' america ? ''
in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ?
what was lost and regained by poet john milton ?
what is a synonym for aspartame ?
what nuclear-powered russian submarine sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
what 's the no. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
what was the first domesticated bird ?
what 's the slowest olympic swimming stroke ?
what is the full classification of a lady bug ?
the jewish alphabet is known as what ?
what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ?
what kind of creatures are the canary islands named for ?
what was the distinguishing mark on the `` little rascals '' dog ?
what is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
what kind of creature is a coot ?
what is a film starring jude law ?
what are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
what famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
what is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
what is the name given to the islamic counterpart of the red cross ?
what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
what device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
what animal has been called the poor man 's cow ?
garry kasparov plays what game ?
what do camels store in their humps ?
in what film did steven spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
what are the historical trials following world war ii called ?
what are the various ways in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ?
what future movie treat was introduced to american colonists in 1603 by native americans ?
what stephen sondheim ballad ends : `` well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
what 's the most popular form of gambling with women in las vegas ?
what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
what are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
what does caliente translate to in english ?
in what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
what color tennis balls are used at wimbledon ?
what is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
what marx brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
what is the longest-running television series ?
winnie the pooh is what kind of animal ?
what did englishman john hawkins begin selling to new world colonists in 1562 ?
which mosquito 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
name a film that has won the golden bear in the berlin film festival ?
what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics .
what musical instrument did sherlock holmes play ?
what does a chiropodist treat ?
name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
what is the best-selling book of all time ?
what 's the green variety of beryl called ?
what rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
what tv series featured neal , a martini-drinking st. bernard ?
what non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
what magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
jude law was in what movie ?
what is ray bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
what video format was an alternative to vhs ?
what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
what color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
what soft drink tells us to `` go hawaiian '' ?
what product did william horlick discover and produce ?
what spice do chefs pay the most for ?
what animal occurs in spielberg 's `` jaws '' ?
what was the name of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
what kind of animals were in the paleozoic era ?
what term does a czech use to describe a pole ?
what color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
what two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
what award is the `` oscar '' of advertising ?
what was spawned the term `` mig alley '' ?
what are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
what is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
which airplane was fawaz younis convicted of hijacking ?
what playing card symbolizes death ?
what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the book stirred-not shaken ?
the jewish alphabet is called what ?
what animal has the biggest eyes ?
what is the plural of gulf ?
what is the largest snake in the world ?
who was the first animal into space ?
what is shirley maclaine known as ?
what sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
what common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
what soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
what were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
what are the two largest birds on earth ?
what film marked robert redford 's directorial debut ?
what are the 10 plagues of egypt ?
what 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the u.s. ?
what vehicles are raced in the tour de france ?
what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
what is a fear of black people ?
what does a chef coddle eggs in ?
what is a fear of rejection ?
what was the education system in the 1960 's ?
what war did the potsdam conference follow ?
what did woody allen call the japanese gangster film he dubbed into english as a comedy ?
what were the trials called which followed world war ii ?
name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
what 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign gemini ?
what is a fear of slime ?
what letter adorns the flag of rwanda ?
what did british companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
what flower did vincent van gogh paint ?
what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
what did mr. magoo flog on tv for general electric ?
what is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
what is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
what trophy is awarded to the winners of the super bowl ?
what 's the only color johnny cash wears on stage ?
what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
what did the pyramid-builders of egypt mainly eat ?
what constitutes an adult ?
what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
what was the name of hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
what is the movie jonathan livingstone seagull ?
what are some important events of the 1830 's ?
what is nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
what muhammad ali maneuver was george foreman the first victim of ?
what major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
what tv detective did craig stevens play ?
what pulitzer prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of new york city ?
what mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome '' ?
who were the five marx brothers ?
what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
what 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
what is larry king 's occupation ?
who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
who wrote `` much ado about nothing '' ?
whom did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died ?
who invented the fax machine ?
what army 's motto is blood and fire ?
what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
who is the antichrist ?
who invented the road traffic cone ?
what are the five most popular usenet groups ?
who was in death of a salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
who was the first holy roman emperor ?
who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
who was randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
who portrayed george m. cohan in 1942 's yankee doodle dandy ?
who wrote the farmer 's almanac ?
name the marvel team loosely based on dc 's justice league of america ?
who runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
what is michael jackson 's father 's name ?
what part did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america ?
what dumb-but-loveable character did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ?
what camera company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
what texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
who invented the fountain ?
who co-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
who manufactures the software , `` photoshop '' ?
who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
who was santos-dumont ?
who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
what company was the original sponsor of tv 's superman ?
what president lived at 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
what 's the most common nickname of u.s. college football teams ?
what college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
what schools in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn .
what was marilyn monroe 's real name ?
name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the old west .
what south african producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
who was the charlie perfume woman ?
what are the characters ' names in the scooby-doo cartoon ?
which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball at ?
what russian composer 's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and fortune ?
what famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
what american won the world grand prix driving championship in 1978 ?
who accompanied space ghost on his missions ?
name the two blob members of the animated herculoids .
who wrote the collector ?
what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
who founded the modern theory of probability ?
who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
which vietnamese terrorist is now a un delegate in doonesbury ?
what was the first u.s.-based team in the nhl ?
what female suspect in the game of clue is single ?
who won the rugby world cup in ?
who is the president of the spanish government ?
who sings angel eyes from the 80 's ?
what singer 's theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
which of the following was rhodes scholar ?
who was the original humpty dumpty ?
who was the star witness at the senate watergate hearings ?
who won the 1968 california democratic primary ?
what spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
what cigarette company urged us , `` come to where the flavor is ? ''
who was the accused in the trial of the century , which opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
who is the president of pergament ?
who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
who are the challengers of the unknown ?
who is the prime minister of australia ?
who played al jolson in the jolson story ?
what isps exist in the caribbean ?
who invented the horoscope ?
which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
name a ballet company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ?
what attorneys work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ?
what was american folk hero john chapman 's nickname ?
what group starred in the movie rock around the clock ?
what dictator has the nickname `` el maximo '' ?
name dick tracy 's two children .
when called upon to surrender , what american general replied , `` sir , i have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
what 's the name of tom sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
what famed clown appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
who were the 1974 oscar winners ?
who was ezra taft benson ?
which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
the major league baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ?
what woman pitcher has struck out ted williams and hank aaron ?
what mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
what is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
who is john macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
what hard-of hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became queen of england ?
whose autobiography is titled yes i can ?
who is luke skywalker 's father ?
who tramped through florida looking for the fountain of youth ?
what 's japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
who wrote the red badge of courage ?
who is snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
who was the 16th president of the united states ?
who portrayed fatman in the television show , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
who asked you to do the loco-motion with her in 1962 ?
when mighty mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
what 's the most common surname in america ?
who is edmund kemper ?
what was the christian name of the title character in our miss brooks ?
what 19th-century painter died in the marquesas islands ?
who was buffalo bill ?
what cathedral was thomas becket murdered in ?
where is natick ?
what countries does the mont blanc tunnel join ?
where was the first zoo in the u.s. ?
what country 's people are the top television watchers ?
what city 's the kickoff point for climbs of mount everest ?
what famed river was hernando de soto the first european to see ?
what famed london criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
where can i find an ask an expert site ?
where is former pro wrestler johnny `` rubber man '' walker ?
what two states is washington d.c. between ?
where can i find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
what state produces the best lobster to eat ?
where can i find the history of the hungarian language ?
the orange bowl is in what city ?
what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ?
jackson pollock is of what nationality ?
where is the orinoco ?
where is kings canyon ?
what city has the world 's longest subway system ?
where is there information on the novel `` el cid '' ?
what is the capital of burkina faso ?
where can i find out the top 1 singles ?
what body of water does the danube river flow into ?
what state does charles robb represent ?
where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
what lake is the source of the white nile ?
where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
what was the highest mountain on earth before mount everest was discovered ?
what desert has the highest sand dunes ?
where did george of the jungle live ?
what united states city produces the most oil ?
what two south american countries do n't border brazil ?
what south american city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
what is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
what country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
where is the bridge over the river kwai ?
where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
what ocean surrounds the maldive islands ?
where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ?
what country is famous for persian rugs ?
what desert country borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's brothers and sisters ?
what is the u.s. location of procter & gamble corporate offices ?
what london museum features a chamber of horrors ?
where are diamonds mined ?
what famed river flows through bagdad ?
where were the 196 summer olympics held ?
what city is found in the city of oz ?
where can you find the venus flytrap ?
where 's the gum department store ?
what u.s. state is dixville notch in ?
where is south bend ?
what city did the flintstones live in ?
where is the world championship sled dog race held each february ?
where was poe born ?
what asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
what strait links the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
what is the address of the famous mexican star `` thalia '' ?
what 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
what country has been called the queen of the antilles ?
what city is graced by the arch of titus ?
what state has the longest great lakes shoreline ?
where can i find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
what country is the setting for edgar allan poe 's the pit and the pendulum ?
where did dikembe mutombo go to college ?
where is logan airport ?
the orange bowl is located in what city ?
where did the maya people live ?
where is trinidad ?
where does the opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
what is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
where can i find a case on americans with disabilities act of 199 ?
what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ?
where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
what country do the galapagos islands belong to ?
what country contains the highest point in south america ?
what are the four largest mountain ranges on the asian continent ?
when superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
what country , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u.s. ?
where is the highest point in japan ?
what is the most useful site on the internet ?
what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
how many times more than 3
how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` around the world '' ?
how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell 's tomato soup ?
how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
how much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
what will the increase be in the california gas tax by 2000 ?
how many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
how many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
in what year was actress joan collins born ?
how many john deere tractors have been manufactured ?
how many people hike ?
what is the busiest air travel season ?
what is the population in india ?
how many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
how many mountains have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
how many leos have been pope ?
what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
what ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
in what year did thatcher become prime minister ?
what time does wee willie winkie run through the town ?
how many oceans are there and name them ?
what is the population of japan ?
what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
how many years is johnnie walker black label aged ?
how many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
how many dogs pull a sled in the iditarod ?
how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
how many real fruit juices are there in a can of hawaiian punch ?
how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ?
how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
when was the slinky invented ?
when is the thai new year ?
how many consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ?
in what year was de gaulle elected president of france ?
how much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
what percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
how many people did randy craft murder ?
what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
when did french revolutionaries storm the bastille ?
what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
how fast can a corvette go ?
what date did man first land on the moon ?
when did nostradamus believe world war iii would begin ?
when was microsoft established ?
what are the shoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
when was christ born ?
how old is singer freedy johnston ?
what will the california gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
how many bones are in the human hand ?
what year was the atm first introduced ?
how fast is a 45mhz processor ?
when did the art of quilting begin ?
how many people did randy craft kill ?
how many horses are there on a polo team ?
how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
when was dubai 's first concrete house built ?
how much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
what season is the setting for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
what is the population of mozambique ?
what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ?
how many varieties of twins are there ?
what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
how old is the sun ?
what is the weight of air ?
what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
what 's the population of biloxi , mississippi ?
by how much will the california state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
how old is the universe ?
in what year did thatcher gain power ?
when was the last major eruption of mount st. helens ?
what 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ?
what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
how far can you see ?
how many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
how many characters are in the chinese alphabet ?
how many wings does a flea have ?
when did charles lindbergh die ?
how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl clock ?
