what is ioc an abbreviation of ?
what is the abbreviation of the company name ` general motors ' ?
what does ekg stand for ?
what does nasdaq stand for ?
what is deet ?
what is rcd ?
what is ram in the computer ?
what is the abbreviated form of the national bureau of investigation ?
what does ms. , miss , and mrs. stand for ?
what does iq stand for ?
what are bear and bull markets ?
how can sql queries be improved ?
what is cabarnet sauvignon ?
how is silk screening done ?
what does choo choo charlie say ?
for what reason did the shea & gould law firm close their l.a. office ?
what ever happened to the once popular yale lock company ?
what is the difference between the koran and the bible ?
what is magnetar ?
what is a mexican hairless ?
how can i find out how much income tax is paid on social security income on the 1998 income tax ?
what is doegs ?
what is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
what is the history of buffalo chicken wings ?
how do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
what is the origin of the proverb `` a stitch in time saves nine '' ?
what is thalassemia ?
what does caliente mean , in english ?
why are the rooftops in canada green ?
how do chickens have baby chicks ?
what are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
how do you stop junk snail mail ?
what is `` vocal sampling '' ?
what is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
what 's the staff of life mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
what is saltpeter ?
why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
what is a heuristic ?
what is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
what is sound ?
what is tetrinet ?
how does a parachute work ?
what is candlemas day ?
how did the tradition of best man start ?
what is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
why do girls have to wear training bras ?
how can i find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
what is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
how do i contact answers.com direct ?
what is the literal meaning of `` d-day '' ?
how do you match a name to a social security number ?
what 's the difference between j.d. and ll.m. ?
what is osteichthyes ?
what does verdandi mean ?
why were people recruited for the vietnam war ?
what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
what is the highest roman numeral ?
what is the history of the hairdryer ?
what made jane goodall famous ?
what is multimedia ?
what was the effect of the yalta conference ?
why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
what is usenet for the internet ?
what is the origin of the word ozymandias ?
what is making love ?
what is colin powell best known for ?
what is the c programming language ?
what is the difference between khaki and chino ?
how do i get my lan card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a hub ?
what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr. pepper bottles ?
what was the living room war ?
what is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
what is a chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
what is the secret of the universe ?
what is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
what else has the swastika stood for ?
what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
why are the ears your center of balance ?
what is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
what did richard feynman say upon hearing he would receive the nobel prize in physics ?
how do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
what 's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
what happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
what makes a tornado turn ?
what is boston kreme ?
what is the meaning of the name ella ?
how can i get my product licensed by the nba ?
how can i look up someone 's e-mail address on the internet ?
what was the claim to fame of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
what happened to phillip taylor kramer ?
what is the gay science ?
what makes sperm ?
what is hebephrenia ?
how did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
how is the element strontium purified ?
what is measured in curies ?
what are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
what caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the united nations general assembly ?
what happens when a body part falls asleep ?
how did the u.s. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the spanish-american war ?
what is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
what is the cause of endangered species ?
why is microsoft 's windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
what is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
how does a hydroelectric dam work ?
what personality traits are capricorns said to have ?
how does hair curl ?
what must a las vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
what is the origin of thank you notes ?
how does cos cob , ct get its name ?
what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
why is hockey so violent ?
what causes rust ?
what is idealab ! ?
colin powell is best known for what achievement ?
why did egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
what is the definition of cecum ?
how can i get a cct diagram ?
what is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
in my antonia , how is mr. shimerda out of place on the farm ?
why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
how do boats float ?
what was the proper laugh-in respones to : `` say goodnight , dick '' ?
where does `` bovine '' come from ?
what is an annotated bibliography ?
what are cushman and wakefield known for ?
what is an angelus ?
what is a firewall ?
what does the word terrorism mean ?
how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opponent of the swamp thing ?
how do hermit crabs reproduce ?
what is a storm surge ?
what is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
what did mighty mouse always sing as he went into action ?
what is lung cancer ?
what is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
what would happen to canada if quebec separated ?
what will happen when sodium is put in water ?
how do they produce vitamins ?
how do i know how much money to save for retirement ?
what is `` nine inch nails '' ?
what are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
what is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
how do i start a bank ?
why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
what is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
how is an executioner determined ?
how do you get dates with the `` hooters '' girls ?
how do you find the area of a circle ?
how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared detectors ?
what does the greek word polis mean , as in minneapolis ?
what is the difference between new york-style and chicago-style pizza ?
why is microsoft 's windows 3 software so successful ?
how does lightning travel ?
what does an emperor do ?
what was the first funk 'n lata , brazilian group , success ?
what is the socratic method ?
what is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga adapter ?
how do storms form ?
what motto ended merrie melodies cartoons ?
why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
what are maid-rites ?
what are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
how do you buy stocks ?
how does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
what is the meaning of thalassemia ?
what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
what function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
what is a wart ?
what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
what is the nursery rhyme rock-a-by baby about ?
why was the l.a. office of shea and gould closed ?
how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
what is garry kasparov famous for ?
what is the history of `` the toast '' ?
what are pomegranates ?
what does seccession mean ?
what is margaret thatcher known for ?
how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
what is a swatch ?
what is a certified nurse midwife ?
what were the three prophecies the witches make to macbeth ?
what 's an auberge in france ?
what is the highest roman numeral ?
how do ants have sex ?
what is an arab strap ?
how can people from ireland come to the u.s. , work , and then return to ireland ?
what was al capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
what is hyperopia ?
what makes thunder ?
what is home banking ?
what features of the african elephant are larger than those of the indian elephant ?
what is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
what are the words to the cd eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
how do wasps make their nests ?
what is thermal equilibrium ?
what are fortune 500 companies ?
how does general mills manufacture cheerios ?
how did peabody and sherman travel through time ?
how do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
what does the georgetown `` hoya '' mean ?
what is deconstructionism ?
why is jane goodall famous ?
how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ?
how did lee harvey oswald purchase his rifle ?
what do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
what is gymnophobia ?
what does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
what is java ?
what is a tonne ?
what 's the difference between tft and dual-scan display ?
what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
what is the origin of the word , jj .
why did the anglican church split from the vatican ?
how can i find out my moon sign ?
what causes asthma ?
what causes panic attacks ?
what is office automation ?
why do men snore ?
how do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
what are tannins ?
why do you say `` god bless you '' when people sneeze ?
what is d.b. cooper known for ?
how can i get someone 's phone number if i only have their screen name ?
where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
what was an `` asiento '' ?
why are organ transplants more successful today ?
what effect does a prism have on light ?
why is thanksgiving on a thursday ?
how can someone become a federal agent ?
how is the element strontium purified ?
what is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
what is so powerful about power bars ?
what are perfect tenses ?
how do i find a web address for a company ?
what is federal income tax ?
how does the car in `` christine '' become possessed ?
what is the origin of the word , magic ?
what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
why did europeans first come to australia and oceania ?
what 's the meaning of the name tatiana ?
what do the 12 days of christmas mean ?
what do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
what is the history of hot wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
what is remembrance day all about ?
what does appropriates money mean ?
what will a compass do in outer space ?
what was the importance of magellan ?
what 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
what is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
what is the largest variety of cactus ?
what is meant by blood sed rate ?
what happened to answers.com ?
why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
how has tv affected our society ?
why is rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
define spumante .
what does e=mc2 mean ?
what is the origin of the name igor ?
what is color ?
how is saline used in medicine ?
what is `` the washed vodka '' ?
what is tumbled marble ?
how do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
what causes tuberculosis ?
what causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
what is literary criticism ?
what is ethology ?
what are the alveoli ?
how do i increase my biceps ' size ?
what is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
why was curious george curious ?
why was muhammad ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
what do caroll baker , tammy grimes , debbie reynolds , and judy garland all have in common ?
what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
how can i find out what year a beanie baby was introduced ?
how do you make dumplings ?
how do you select wine ?
how can i enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
how did socrates die ?
what made the finger lakes in western new york state ?
what makes you fat ?
how do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
how do i log on to home page at headquarters u.s. european command ?
why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
what did john hinckley do to impress jodie foster ?
what is a leaky heart valve ?
what is pandoro ?
what does the name melissa mean ?
what are liver enzymes ?
what is the purpose of a car bra ?
what do japanese school uniforms look like ?
what causes rust ?
how do i find info about rice importers in the world ?
what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
how do companies cut paper so thin ?
what are some fun things to do in cozumel , mexico for teenagers ?
what have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
what is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
how do you handle a hungry man ?
how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
what is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
how does a scientific calculator work ?
what does laser stand for ?
what were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
what is hypnotherapy ?
what is the history of the soft drink mr. pibb ?
why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
what is `` chicago hope '' ?
what is proposition 98 about ?
how did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
what is a multiplexer ?
what is jane goodall famous for ?
what is the definition of a cascade ?
how do you do a topic outline ?
what is the medical condition of hypertension ?
how does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
what is the origin of the surname of braun ?
what are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
what is the origin of music ?
what is the root of all evil ?
what are the living conditions in cuba ?
how do i sing like elvis presley ?
where do chihuahuas come from ?
how can i trace my family roots ?
how does the chain of command work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
how does salt melt ice and snow ?
what is the bernoulli principle ?
how did water appear on the earth ?
what is idealab ! ?
what is the vdrl test of blood ?
why is indiglo called indiglo ?
why do movie and tv stars get paid so much ?
what do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
what happened in the long march ?
what does the name jenna mean ?
what is a biologist ?
how is bubble wrap made ?
what is a mathematical factor ?
what causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
how do you recognize anorexia ?
what makes black hills , south dakota a tourist attraction ?
why is black the color of mourning in the west ?
how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
how is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
what is a gandy dancer ?
what happened to pepsi clear ?
how can i find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
how was the element calcium named ?
what is power steering ?
what are maid-rites ?
what is the meaning of `` cpr '' ?
what is titanium ?
why is poop sometimes different colors ?
what is crabgrass ?
how is answers.com different from knowpost.com ?
what does venus retrograde mean ?
how do i do this ?
what facial feature did walt disney sport that none of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
what are the most common causes of death in the u.s. ?
what is capitalism according to max weber ?
what is the `` global economy '' ?
what does `` e pluribus unum '' on the penny mean ?
what does the name gina mean ?
what problems contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
why didn 't european colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
what is the definition of hazmat ?
how do plants make food ?
what is the meaning of the name kathryn ?
what is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
what is a dangling participle ?
what is the difference between optical and digital video ?
where did the name root beer come from ?
what is limbo ?
what is god ?
how come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
what is spaceball played on ?
what is the 401 , k , plan ?
what are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
what 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
why are haunted houses popular ?
what was the filling in the first golf balls ?
what is a plant supplement ?
what do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
how did the great depression affect japan 's history ?
what is troilism ?
how do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
what is film noir ?
what exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
what is the chemiosmotic theory ?
what is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
what are the lyrics to the star spangled banner ?
what is the origin of the first name ` breony ' ?
what is head start ?
what is the origin of the word `` teddy bear '' ?
what causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
what are manifest and latent function theories ?
what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry : ad arma , ad arma .
what is a caul ?
what is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
what is the meaning of w.b. yeat 's poem , `` the three hermits ? ''
what is different about the red and black fox ?
what does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
what is the amish religion ?
what is the origin of `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
what was the infamous feat of germany 's u-2 submarine ?
what is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
what is srpska krajina ?
how can i search for a word within my own webpage ?
what is the executor in a will ?
what does the name billie mean ?
how do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
what effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ?
what is pasta ?
what is the definition of spamming ?
how do they find an epicenter ?
what are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in california ?
what is the circumorbital hematoma ?
what is leukemia ?
what is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
what is the difference between college and graduate school ?
why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
why are there olives in martinis ?
how does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
what is the internet2 ?
what is a green bog ?
what is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
what are the twin cities ?
how did names come about ?
what is a cake of soap ?
what is witch hazel ?
what does the name ` alexandra ' mean ?
what was the chivington massacre ?
why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
what caused the division between the anglicans and the vatican ?
what does palindromic mean ?
what is franz kafka 's short story `` a country doctor '' trying to tell us ?
what does robert mean ?
what 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
what is the half-life of p-32 ?
what do christian scientists believe in ?
what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
what is splatterpunk ?
what is hypertext ?
how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ?
how do you box train a cat ?
what is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
how did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
how is cologne made ?
how did the hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
what are boxcars ?
what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
what is chromatology ?
why can 't ostriches fly ?
what is being done about the millennium bug ?
give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
what is probability theory ?
what is australia day ?
why do some people have two different color eyes ?
what was unusual about alexandra 's appearance in josie and the pussycats ?
what is an auto-commentary ?
how is the new ford econoline van f25 v1 engine ?
what is fellatio ?
why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in california ?
what is the s&p 500 used for ?
what is the origin of head lice ?
what is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
what is the origin of the christmas tree ?
what 's the mystery of the bermuda triangle ?
what incident caused the canning of a summit conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ?
what is a meerkat ?
what do economists do ?
what characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
what is a disaccharide ?
how do i change a file from an art file to a jpeg or bitmap file ?
what is la nina ?
what are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
what is the purpose of bios ?
how does blood clot ?
how does a submarine operate ?
what is cache memory ?
what is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
what is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
what happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
what are the low countries ?
why can 't women serve in the navy on board submarines ?
how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ?
what is the origin of the term `` the brooklyn side '' in bowling ?
what does lloyd 's lutine bell announce ?
what are tonsils for ?
what made the short-lived star hawks strip so unique ?
how does color affect a person psychologically ?
what type of childhood did jules verne have ?
how do you clean up a cache ?
why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
what happened during the blackhawk indian war of 1832 ?
what is a hydrogen bond ?
what is greek pita ?
how does a bill become law ?
what is a rhomboideus minor ?
what is bombay duck ?
what was a mae west on a world war ii battleship ?
why are lions called `` king of the jungle '' ?
what was the vietnam war ?
what is butterfield 8 in butterfield 8 ?
what is smartnet ?
how do windmills work ?
what is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
what is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
what is ouzo ?
what is the origin of boxing day ?
why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
what are chloroplasts ?
how does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
how can i get started in writing for television ?
what are faults in the earth 's crust ?
why did david koresh ask the fbi for a word processor ?
how can you tell if someone is lying ?
what did john f. kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
what 's the rathaus in frankfurt ?
how effective are condoms in protecting against aids ?
what are christopher marlowe 's and shakespeare 's literary contributions to english literature ?
how do i contact answers.com ?
how can i get some free technical information on electric vehicle ?
why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
how can i give myself a french manicure ?
what is cunnilingus ?
what currents affect the area of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
what is molybdenum ?
what causes someone to be ticklish ?
how can you prevent it ?
how can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
what is the claim to fame of agra , india ?
what is it like to experience a near death episode ?
what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
what was suzy parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
how was teddy roosevelt related to fdr ?
what is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ?
what is linux ?
what 's the motto of the boy scouts ?
what are the poconos ?
what is a virtual ip address ?
why do we have to go to school ?
what function does a community 's water tower serve ?
what was the reason for the partition of the anglican and vatican churches ?
why did the globe theatre burn down ?
how does rabies spread ?
what does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
what is olestra ?
how do you make a paintball ?
how can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
for what reason did some san diego schools stop serving apples ?
what is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
what exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
what can i do to get into an ivy league school ?
how is energy created ?
what is meant by `` capital market '' ?
what are the seven virtues ?
what did delilah do to samson 's hair ?
why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
what is the history of spartacus , the roman slave and gladiator ?
how does a copier work ?
what are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
what is he doing now ?
why do magnets attract ?
what is the definition of a witch ?
what was the outcome of the 1945 yalta conference ?
what are dingoes ?
how do i know someone is truly in love with me ?
what is the origin of thank you notes ?
what is a `` false moon '' ?
how does james bond like his martinis ?
what does the double-o indicate in 007 ?
how do i start a web based business ?
why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
what is a canada two-penny black ?
how is paraguay for vacations ?
what is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
what is `` flintknapping '' ?
why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
what 's the state motto of california ?
what are bellworts ?
what did the confederate constitution say about slavery ?
how would i find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
what 's the olympic motto ?
what are equity securities ?
what is form drag ?
what is the origin of the name ` scarlett ' ?
what does `` philebus-like '' mean ?
why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
what happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
what is the origin of the word assassinate ?
what does tiffany mean ?
how did shipyard inspector james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
how do you fix squeaky floors ?
what qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
what does the name shawn mean ?
what happened to pompeii ?
what is the definition of the scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
what is a hyperlink ?
how do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
how was lawrence
how can you become an fbi agent ?
how is thalassemia defined ?
how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
what is the difference between terry cloth and french terry ?
what are the side effects of mevacor ?
how does a rainbow form ?
what is the function of ram ?
why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
how do telephones work ?
what does the name `` sheri '' mean ?
what is the origin of the candy cane at christmas ?
how can i stop or slow down aging ?
what is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
how do you reference a website ?
what did cool hand luke go to jail for ?
what is the difference between hair and fur ?
what does the word affiant mean ?
how do you make the color purple ?
what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern 's ring ?
what is hydrogen ?
what is a turnkey contract ?
how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
what did the only repealed amendment to the u.s. constitution deal with ?
how does zatanna perform her magic in dc comics ?
how do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ?
what is `` snoogans '' ?
what is dry ice ?
what is the origin of the atom ?
what happens to used motor oil ?
what 's the meaning of uol ?
how do you dunk ?
what is the difference between a median and a mean ?
how do i find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
what does `` saute '' mean ?
what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
what is an urban legend ?
what is osmosis ?
what prompted the co-pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his log ?
what are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
where did the energy for the big bang come from ?
what is a first world country ?
what does the number 33 on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ?
what do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
what is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
what is artificial intelligence ?
what is difference between a poster and a print ?
how does a glacier form ?
what do the names neil , mary , and anthony mean ?
what causes headaches ?
how do clouds form ?
why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
how do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
how do you clean an lcd monitor screen ?
how do i get another city 's newspaper ?
what causes an earthquake ?
what is tyvek ?
what 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
how do ouija boards work ?
how do i tie dye clothes ?
what is zionism ?
what are the current immigration laws in us ?
what 's the last line of dickens 's a christmas carol ?
how do i find a city if i have the area code ?
what does melissa mean ?
why did the aztecs first think the spanish were gods ?
from what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
what does `` semper fidelis '' mean ?
what 's the red planet ?
how can you tell when figs are ripe ?
what is win rah ?
what were the causes of the civil war ?
why do people in the upper peninsula of michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
what is the home rule act ?
what is goldenseal ?
why was the zipper invented ?
what is the immaculate conception ?
what is fiber in food ?
how do you tell somebody you like them ?
how did rocky marciano die ?
how do fuel injectors work ?
what makes a clitoris sensitive ?
what is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
what is an ecological niche ?
what is a cullion ?
how did asia get its name ?
what is a pig in a poke ?
what is digitalis ?
what happened to moon maiden ?
what was the verdict in the 1925 trial of john t. scopes ?
what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
how do cameras take pictures ?
colin powell is most famous for what ?
where did the term fireplug come from ?
what was the long march in china ?
what facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
how do i find if my relatives were on the trail of tears ?
what is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
why does a candle need a wick ?
how do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
how do i check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
what is the contents of proposition 98 ?
what is plc ?
what are the valdez principles ?
what are binomial coefficients ?
how can your school march in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ?
describe the long march .
what are the requirements for becoming a citizen of australia ?
what is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
what is a transistor ?
how come light bulbs go out ?
what is dew point ?
what is graduate school ?
what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard ?
how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
what does freddy freeman say to become captain marvel jr. ?
what is yohimbine ?
what is false consciousness ?
what are the `` star wars '' satellites ?
why do many native american students not complete college ?
why is the mile 528 feet ?
how do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
what effect does lsd have on the brain ?
how does the elongated man know a mystery is afoot ?
how do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
define the pheonix club ?
what effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
what 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
how was the aclu formed ?
what is the weather like on the moon ?
what is the feudal system ?
what is the difference between a college and a university ?
how can i determine the radius of an ellipse ?
what is the filmmakers collabrative ?
how do birds have sex ?
what is the definition of cosmology ?
what 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
what does `` janelle '' mean ?
what 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
what is megan 's law ?
why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
what is the meaning of jesus ?
how do you address a chinese person ?
how does it make its colors ?
how does the nintendo `` zapper '' work ?
what is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
what is ethylene ?
how do you become a dentist ?
what is a gas release event ?
what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
what information can you get me on fairground park in st. louis
how does an ion drive work ?
what are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
what is june 's birthstone ?
what is amezaiku ?
what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
what is ` last chance for animals ' ?
what are the urals ?
how do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
what does gringo mean ?
what is jane goodall known for ?
how does a hurricane form ?
how is digital audio used ?
where did indian pudding come from ?
why were red m&ms discontinued then brought back ?
what is object-oriented design ?
what is a wop ?
what does the name `` sabrina '' mean ?
what is the origin of the rock band led zeppelin 's name ?
how does belle describe her life in beauty and the beast ?
what are values ?
what makes salt ?
what was nine tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
how can i gain access to a spy satelite ?
why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
what is betsy ross famous for ?
how do you solve `` rubik 's cube '' ?
what does ouija mean ?
what is endometriosis ?
what is the nature of learning ?
what is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
what is the meaning of caliente , in english , ?
how do i install a tile floor ?
how do movie blues screens work ?
why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
what are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
what good are mosquitoes ?
how do you make a million bucks ?
how can i find out my biorhythm ?
what are kythnos , siphnos , seriphos and mykonos ?
why does the sun shine only a short time in alaska ?
how close a cousin was franklin d. to theodore roosevelt ?
how did the war of 1812 affect delaware ?
how do they type chinese characters on a keyboard ?
what can be done about snoring ?
how do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
what is a horologist ?
what is a serigraph ?
what is a conifer ?
what is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
how do you use an intranet ?
what 's the distinction of u.s. supreme court justice thurgood marshall ?
how do i know if i 'm jealous of someone ?
what did n't rocky marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
what does the name calder mean ?
what is a geoscientist ?
what was the claim to fame of explorer i , launched february 1 , 1958 ?
how do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
what causes blue balls ?
how do i impress a guy ?
what is the origin of the name katie ?
what is the origin of the word marijuana ?
what is paracetamol ?
how is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ?
what caused the death of bob marley ?
what is `` bloodhound '' ?
what is interlata internet service ?
what is a bone marrow transplant ?
what is the milky way ?
what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian horse ?
how can i get a comic character i made copyrighted and published ?
what does the word `` meta '' mean ?
what is the difference between jazz and blues ?
why do horseshoes bring luck ?
what are the words to `` my way '' written by paul anka ?
what does the latin ante mortem mean ?
what do i have to do to get good grades in school ?
what does it mean `` rupee depreciates '' ?
how do you find oxidation numbers ?
what is goulash ?
what is an isthmus ?
what is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
how do microwaves work ?
why was henry ford 's first automobile calleda model t & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
what was the `` dead man 's hand '' ?
what does the donation process entail ?
how can i easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
what do the figures represent on the easter island ?
what is barnstorming ?
how do i find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
shea and gould closed their los angeles office for what reason ?
what is moxie ?
why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
what is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
what is a `` repeating voter '' ?
what is e-commerce ?
what is a nematode ?
how does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
how do you ask questions ?
how can i get in touch with michael moore of `` roger & me '' ?
what is infomatics ?
why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
what is prepared mustard ?
how do i get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name kilvington ?
what is narcolepsy ?
what does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
what is agent orange ?
why do usa fax machines not work in uk , nnp ?
what are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
what is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
what is the history of skateboarding ?
describe the finnish music personality salonen 's appearance .
how did the months of the year get there name ?
what is a devo hat ?
how can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
what caused the titanic to sink ?
what was the rallying cry of the early american revolutionaries ?
where do rocks come from ?
how did u.s.a become involved in the barbary wars
why are the u.s. presidential elections held in november ?
what 's the claim to fame of night watchman frank wills ?
what caused harry houdini 's death ?
how did super president gain his powers on the animated series ?
what is the hub of london ?
how were the days of the week named ?
what 's a short ton ?
what does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
what are amaretto biscuits ?
what is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
how do i give a good massage ?
how is plastic made ?
what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
how do you throw a housewarming party ?
what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
how can i find online spelling ?
what are the arabic numerals from 1 to 10 ?
how is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
how do they get teflon to stick to the pan ?
how do i find out about jobs ?
what is a ` borrow pit ' ?
what are the words to the song sung by `` banana in pajamas '' ?
what is the theory of equivalence states ?
what is a hormone ?
what kind of greeting is appropriate to send on yom kippur ?
what do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
what are the words to the canadian national anthem ?
how do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
what is the history of valentine 's day cards ?
how was the kennedy money made ?
what is the lost colony ?
what is the definition of low island ?
what is occam 's razor ?
what are the baltic states ?
how does psorisis disappear ?
how do i e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
what is white chocolate ?
what should you do for an ankle sprain ?
how can i get someone 's email address ?
how do i keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
what did lenny bruce say that got him arrested ?
what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
what is the origin of the peace symbol ?
what is software piracy ?
what 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
what does the name kelly mean ?
how did former wwf wrestler rick rude die ?
what does a nihilist believe in ?
why did the chicken cross the road ?
how do you pronounce `` tzimisce '' ?
define sinn fein .
how is easter sunday 's date determined ?
what is sinn fein ?
what is a wet dream ?
what steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
why is chicago named chicago ?
what does the name `` anthony '' mean ?
what does las vegas mean ?
what are the cookies in internet ?
what are shooting stars ?
how do you identify prime numbers ?
what is eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
what do mormons believe ?
how did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
how does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
how do i write to my congressman ?
what does the name `` justin '' mean ?
how does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
what are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ?
how is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
what is the text of the fifth amendment ?
how does a small businessman contact the good humor ice cream company to do business with them ?
what is real time processing ?
how do you write a book report ?
how did p.t. barnum bill the diminutive charles s. stratton ?
what is archimedes famous for ?
how can you define time ?
what is object-oriented design ?
why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
what are the greek numerals ?
what is the golden rule ?
what nuclear process takes place in an h-bomb ?
what is deadrise , nautical , ?
why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
how do i find a snowboarding website ?
how is answers.com funded ?
what is the english meaning of caliente ?
hazmat stands for what ?
what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist religions ?
what is viscosity ?
how do websites like yahoo and excite make money ?
what is an aurora ?
what is habeas corpus ?
why did several san diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
what is shalom ?
what was archy , and mehitabel ?
what revelation did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee ?
what is cosmology ?
what 's a water funnel ?
what is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys ''
how do anti-locking brakes work ?
what causes canker sores in the mouth ?
why did the shea & gould law firm leave los angeles ?
what clause in the u.s. constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
how do i know if i am pregnant ?
what is a dental root canal ?
what are the main blood vessels ?
what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ?
what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
what drug is often used to treat aids patients ?
what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
what was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
what movie did steven spielberg direct in 1975 ?
what is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
what net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
what color are the castellated walls of the kremlin ?
what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
what broadway show introduced the song some enchanted evening ?
what is the name of jamiroquai new album ?
which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
what 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
what were the names of the three ships used by columbus ?
what does knight ridder publish ?
what is a fear of touching ?
how do you say 2 in latin ?
what baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
what 's the colored part of the eye called ?
what do you call a book of quotes ?
what is a fear of fish ?
what are the four most widely-used languages in north america ?
what animal has killed the most people ?
what was the first sam spade novel ?
what were the achievements of richard nixon ?
what is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas trees ?
what foods contain the most protein ?
musician ray charles plays what instrument ?
what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ?
what tv show premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
what is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
what color is mr. spock 's blood ?
what 's another name for aspartame ?
what was the species of winnie the pooh ?
what are the snakes of new england ?
what ice creams contain seaweed ?
what do you call a group of geese ?
what grand slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
what book was f. scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194 ?
what novel did ian fleming introduce james bond in ?
what was mae west 's last film ?
what did the yalta conference lead to ?
what was hitler 's favorite movie ?
what was the name of baretta 's cockatoo ?
what is dudley do-right 's horse 's name ?
what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
what is the most popular sports car color ?
what is a fear of passing high objects ?
name a golf course in myrtle beach .
what newspaper serves salt lake city ?
what is the former name of zimbabwe ?
what fruit does the ficus produce ?
what foods contain vitamin b12 ?
what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
what words in the english have two u 's back to back ?
what sport is known for hooligans ?
what class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
what does an edentulous smile lack ?
what magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
who were john f. kennedy 's dogs ?
what is a fear of glass ?
what is a 2-sided object called ?
what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u.s. ?
what kind of a sports team is the wisconsin badgers ?
which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
what card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
what is a fear of points ?
what is the first book of the old testament ?
what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
what is a fear of robbers ?
what does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
what 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in new orleans ?
what is a fear of stings ?
what are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
what is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
what was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
what is state tree of nebraska ?
what are new computer games for windows 95 or 98 ?
what invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
what do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
what 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
a corgi is a kind of what ?
which is the best opening move in chess ?
which ear can most people hear better with ?
names of books by james a. michener set in the following locations ?
what shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
what sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
what russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the napoleonic wars ?
in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
what is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
what book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
what animal 's tail is called a brush ?
what commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
what are the components of polyester ?
what kind of wine is spumante ?
what did the ancients call the four great elements ?
what sport is played on the largest field ?
what mammal of north america is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
what tv station did mary richards work for ?
what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
what terror of the sea did johnny horton sing about ?
what holidays are celebrated in ireland ?
what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
what dickens novel has david carrying the message `` barkis is willin '' to peggy ?
what was george washington afraid of ?
what are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
what is a fear of water ?
what money was used by them ?
what 's the name of jacques cousteau 's research ship ?
what did the congress of vienna establish ?
what 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
name a novel written by john steinbeck .
what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
what keeps clouds in the air ?
what does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
what `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
what then-derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
what is the name of a language spoken by the sioux ?
what significant battle was fought in belgium in 1815 ?
what is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
what money was used here ?
what is a fear of money ?
what is the name of the song that dracula plays on the organ ?
what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ?
what tennis term is said to come from the french word for egg ?
what 's the name of the tampa newspaper ?
what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
what is the fastest computer ?
what tools do you use to crewel ?
what is the name of the family circus 's dog ?
what is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ?
what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
what currency is used in australia ?
what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's hit song ?
what was the name of the u.s. 's first manned space program ?
what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
what do river otters eat ?
which beatles disc cover honors the rolling stones ?
what was simple simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
name the ship beany and cecil sailed .
what is another name for nearsightedness ?
what shakespearean play featured shylock ?
what was `` america 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african government by mercenaries ?
what does a spermologer collect ?
what kind of species is the monster in the film `` jaws '' ?
what is a fear of weakness ?
what disease is the second-biggest killer of north americans ?
what was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
name li 'l abner 's favorite indian drink .
what was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole ?
what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
what are the first ten amendements passed ?
which soft drink does madonna advertise for ?
what is the name of a book written by aaron hass ?
what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
what hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
what operating system do ibm-compatible machines use ?
what was the name of the u.s. navy gunboat in the film the sand pebbles ?
what fuel do airplanes use ?
what is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
what are the cleveland indians also called ?
what is a golf ball made of ?
what 's the largest u.s. agricultural crop by weight ?
what d.h. lawrence novel was originally titled tenderness ?
what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
name four famous cartoon cats .
what two major world religions began in india ?
what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
what 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
what 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
what animals did the amazing three masquerade as ?
what type of exercise burns the most calories ?
what 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
what sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
what shakespeare play opens with the line : `` now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
what does salk vaccine prevent ?
what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
what handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
what are all the different types of pizza ?
what are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
what 's the international lawn tennis challenge trophy usually called ?
what is a language spoken by the sioux ?
what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in judaism called ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish-american war ?
what is a fear of home surroundings ?
what is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
in hemingway 's `` old man and the sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
what drink is the best thirst-quencher ?
what is widely used to detect birth defects ?
what is the name of the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
when it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
which airplane did fawaz younis hijack ?
what colors is magenta made of ?
what are the stars made of ?
what new year is celebrated on february 16th ?
how do you say i love you in spanish ?
what 's the international radio code word for the letter b ?
what letter appears on the cold-water tap in spain ?
what does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
what is a fear of worms ?
what is a fear of cholera ?
what brand of white rum is still made in cuba ?
what type of betting is used in horse racing ?
what 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
what 1953 film won frank sinatra a best supporting actor oscar ?
what format was the major competition of vhs ?
what chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
what joins white wine to put the spritz in a spritzer ?
what was the name of roy rogers 's dog ?
which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
what is a fear of odors , body , ?
what is the name of the american literary era that includes 1896 ?
what four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
what line divided the north and south in the u.s. civil war ?
what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
what generation am i in ?
what is the fear of the computer called ?
what were first used by john l. sullivan and james j. corbett in 1892 ?
what kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ?
what is a fear of color ?
what is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
what was organized as a confederate veterans ' social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
what does visine get out ?
what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
what is a female rabbit called ?
what does the policeman become in the canadian edition of monopoly ?
name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
what 's the u.s. navy hymn ?
what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
what stephen king novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
what film opens with an assassin tumbling from the seattle space needle ?
what after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ?
what is a fear of everything ?
what comic strip sometimes features a mailman named beasley ?
what 's the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
what color is `` ash '' ?
what food of the three bears did goldilocks eat ?
what does it take to become a lawyer ?
what international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon 's lead dog ?
what are different products of petroleum ?
what kind of dog is scooby doo ?
what disease plagued europe , africa and asia ?
what do ladybugs eat ?
what 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ?
what is the jewish bible called ?
what color flies closest to the staff on belgium 's flag ?
what kind of guitar did jimi hendrix play ?
what 's the second-lightest element ?
what 's the largest letter in salvador dali 's signature ?
what is a fear of trees ?
name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
what did warlock wear on his forehead in marvel comics ?
what 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a role ?
what type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
what did the forward-thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
what was the name of the flight that fawaz younis hijacked ?
what did the crocodile swallow in peter pan ?
what does ribavirin consist of ?
which thrilled taste buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
what meter was invented by c.c. magee in 1935 ?
what term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
what are two plants that clothes are made from ?
what can one see in reims ?
which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
what is a fear of jealousy ?
in order from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
ray charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
what were the five opening words on ben casey ?
what holidays or observances are celebrated in italy ?
what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
what is the predominant color of the tab label ?
what magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
what plant is rum made from ?
what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
what do penguins eat ?
what 's the common name for a japanese dwarf tree ?
what layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
what is the best way to overcome a fear ?
what is a fear of machinery ?
what kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
what kind of animal was winnie the pooh ?
what erica jong novel deals with isadora wing 's fear ?
what animal was the heat-seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
what kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the english civil war time ?
what is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
what is `` the bear of beers '' ?
what are dinosaur droppings called ?
what is a fear of crystals or glass ?
what kind of books does fodor 's publish ?
aspartame is also known as what ?
what is the brand name of daminozide ?
name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
what color of monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
what is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
which kevin costner movie involves the sioux indians ?
what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
what were the first frozen foods ?
what is a fear of disease ?
what is the shape of a football as stated in the nfl rulebook ?
what does saliva consist of ?
which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a treatment ?
what dog was dubbed the mortgage lifter ?
what was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at sea world ?
what book opens : `` at a certain village in la mancha , which i shall not name.. . '' ?
what 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
what poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner .
what is the chemical composition of a barbie ?
at christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
what was the top box office movie in april 1998 ?
what are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
name the four stories contained in edith wharton 's `` old new york . ''
what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
what food can i use to catch a possum ?
what toy can you make sleep ?
what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
what is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
what did tristan come back as ?
what trade did the 15th and 16th century portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between playboy and its readers '' ?
what was the sequel to the moon 's balloon ?
what does the six-footed musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
what kind of puzzle first appeared in the u.s. in the new york world on december 21 , 1913 ?
what brand of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
what is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
what 's the most popular contact lens color ?
what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
what is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
what is the best way to travel in japan ?
what were baffin , frobisher and franklin looking for ?
what film canine is buried in pere-lachaise cemetery in paris ?
what 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
what color were ernest hemingway 's eyes ?
what george harrison tune sounded too much like he 's so fine by the chiffons ?
what 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
what four tournaments make up tennis ' grand slam ?
what card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
what is the zodiac sign for august 14 ?
what children 's tale contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
name a gaelic language .
what was the name of the `` little rascals '' dog ?
in kafka 's metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
what is the treatment for depression ?
what kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
what six words follow the line : `` from a jack to a king.. . '' ?
what beer tells us , `` grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
what kind of crystals exist ?
to get the most caffeine , what soda should i drink ?
what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
what kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
what is a fear of motion ?
what sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
what other name were the `` little rascals '' known as ?
which language has the most words ?
what product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
what does a philatelist collect ?
what was the name of aristotle onassis 's yacht ?
what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
what two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
what 's the term for a young fox ?
what 1950 film won seven oscars , including best picture ?
what is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
what is after death ?
what phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication the bigfoot news ?
what is a fear of bees ?
what is the most famous german word in the english language ?
what is a softball made of ?
what do the french call la manche ?
what product does `` mrs. olsen '' promote ?
in which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
what are the four elements ?
what are the languages spoken by the natives in afghanistan ?
what does a dipsomaniac crave ?
what is the name of the largest water conservancy project in china ?
what james michener book is subtitled spanish travels and reflections ?
what is the name of the jewish alphabet ?
what started in 1849 when gold was discovered at sutter 's mill ?
what kind of mammal is a colt ?
what are the ages in comic book lingo ?
which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
what daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the usa '' ?
name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
what car was driven in the 199 release of `` smokey and the bandit '' ?
what 's an infant seal called ?
which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
what 's the southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
what piece of jewelry is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax space ?
what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
what horse did zorro ride ?
what did benny carter play ?
what is a fear of sleep ?
what 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in america ?
what is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
what age followed the bronze age ?
what is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
what two body parts grow all your life ?
what are the wolverine habits ?
what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ?
what is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
what can communications satellites offer yachts ?
in what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in .
which comic strip was never turned into a broadway musical ?
what was the tragedy that struck the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what weapon did the crossed slits in english castles accommodate ?
what blew up at lakehurst , new jersey , on may 6 , 1977 ?
what 's the biggest-selling u.s. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
what kind of fish is a coney ?
what kind of weapons were used in medieval warfare ?
what is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
what program do i need to run a .tbk file ?
what software offers inventors use of cad-like design ?
what were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
what is a fear of insanity ?
what is a fear of childbirth ?
what are the most common elements in the earth 's crust ?
what does a farrier put shoes on ?
what nevil shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
what is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
what is the world 's best selling cookie ?
what 's a male witch called ?
what are the 7 principles of learning from the institute for research on learning , irl ?
what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
what soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
what 1963 joseph l. mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
what product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
what was john f. kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
what was the longest war in u.s. history ?
what is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
what was paul bunyan 's ox 's name ?
what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
what is a fear of cold ?
which gender has bigger thighs ?
which medium is hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
what 's destroyed in genesis 19 : 24 ?
what do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
what flag flies over wake island ?
what does the peugeot company manufacture ?
what do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
what delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ?
what 1895 h.g. wells novel was written under the title the chronic argonauts ?
what does a collier mine ?
name the french historical period during the reign of napoleon iii .
what sport was the first televised in the u.s. ?
what lewis carroll book introduced humpty dumpty to the world ?
what are the ingredients of coca-cola ?
what are some good exercises for kids to do ?
what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
what computer operating system is on the most computers ?
what animal do buffalo wings come from ?
what is another word for diet ?
what do bicornate animals have two of ?
what do italians call florence ?
what 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
what is a movie that kevin costner made about sioux indians ?
what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
what game 's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
what 's played at wembley stadium , london , every may ?
how do you say `` fresh '' in spanish ?
what war did johnny reb and billy yank fight ?
what is a fear of shadows ?
what jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
what is the recipe for eggs benedict ?
name a tiger that is extinct .
what was the favorite sport of tom wolfe 's the pump house gang ?
what is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
what are the seven wonders of the world ?
what are fingernails made of ?
what were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
what are emblazoned on the jolly roger ?
what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
what does a resurrectionist steal ?
what card game derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
what is a fear of reptiles ?
what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
what color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
what 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` oil '' ?
what kind of sports team is the buffalo sabres ?
what concerts are held in new york this week ?
what is glass made of ?
what is the name of the game that garry kasparov plays ?
what is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
what 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
what is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
what colors make up a rainbow ?
what john steinbeck novel portrays the joad family , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ?
what african animals are known as the big five ?
what are super balls made of ?
what three colors of ink are used to print a u.s. dollar bill ?
what is the name of david letterman 's dog ?
what game is garry kasparov really good at ?
what were the ceremony traditions like during the elizabethian times ?
what bird can swim but can 't fly ?
what film featured a snarly character named kid shelleen ?
which sex is denied voting rights in kuwait ?
what 's a craps player called ?
what is a fear of drinking ?
what 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
what j.r.r. tolkien book features gimli as a central character ?
what are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
what are the three animals in sheila burnford 's the incredible journey ?
what garment was named for bradley , voorhees and day ?
what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack box ?
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
what was another name for east germany ?
what are halloween 's colors ?
what format was vhs 's main competition ?
in beetle bailey , can you name sarge 's dog ?
what is a fear of sourness ?
name a film in which jude law acted .
what was the sequel to the pink panther ?
what was mel gibson 's first movie ?
what nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
what is a fear of parasites ?
what does the ouarterly review of doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
what does el nino mean in spanish ?
what kind of animal is babar ?
what species is a colt ?
what is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
what did walter huston remove to perform in the movie the treasure of the sierra madre ?
what is a fear of lice ?
what 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
which is heavier - cream or milk ?
what are john c. calhoun and henry clay known as ?
what color is chablis ?
what game does garry kasparov play ?
name the islamic counterpart to the red cross .
what is california 's state bird ?
what do flatfish eat ?
what are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
what don mclean song laments the day buddy holly died ?
what do manatees eat ?
what is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
what 's the most commonly-spoken language in belgium ?
what condiment do the dutch dip their french fries in ?
what vowel do all esperanto nouns end in ?
what color , s , appear on boxes of kodak film ?
what are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
in ad 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
what morris west novel deals with russian bishop who becomes pope ?
what was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
what is a fear of clouds ?
what was the name of captain bligh 's ship ?
what was the first tv set to include a remote control ?
what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
what species was winnie the pooh ?
what is the weakest bone in the body ?
which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
what are the three secondary colors ?
what is a fear of strong light ?
what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
what is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
what is a fear of food ?
what turns blue litmus paper red ?
what is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
what household products are there for adult acne ?
what is a fear of gravity ?
what 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
what was the food of the greek gods called ?
what common ailment can 't you catch at the north pole ?
what color is an arctic fox in winter ?
what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan. 1999 ?
what do sailors use to measure time ?
what civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
what is bella abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
what should the oven be set at for baking peachy oat muffins ?
where is the human skin least sensitive ?
what 's the official language of algeria ?
what is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
what historical event happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
what did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
what harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
what is a fear of children ?
what is the primary language of the philippines ?
what is a fear of hair ?
what has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of california ?
what is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
what late-night tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
what is `` the great american family cereal '' ?
what is the recipe or formula for coca-cola ?
what 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
in what war was the first submarine used ?
what is a fear of pregnancy ?
what kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
what feud ended with a marriage in kentucky on march 21 , 1891 ?
what song did patti page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
what is the formula to calculate pi ?
what meter did shakespeare use in writing : `` to be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
what does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
what sport does chris jogis play ?
what is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
what does warner bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
what michelangelo sculpture is in saint peter 's cathedral , basilica , ?
what is the best selling computer model ever ?
what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
what color are school buses ?
what is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
what movie told of anna anderson 's claim to be a russian czar 's daughter ?
what fossilizes to form coprolite ?
what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
what 's bottled in jeroboams ?
what 's the traditional drink at the kentucky derby ?
how do you say 2 in latin ?
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
what 1964 film introduced the song my kind of town ?
what alloy do copper and tin form ?
what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
on what t.v. show could tom terrific be found ?
what is a fear of speaking ?
what leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
what was the name of the peace agreement imposed on germany after world war i ?
what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
what hermann hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
where does your hair grow the fastest ?
what was franklin roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the great depression ?
the trials resulting from world war ii are known as what ?
what animal has the best hearing ?
what stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
what is the organizational structure of the new delhi indira gandhi airport ?
name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
what part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
how do you say , `` i love you '' in other languages ?
what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
which is the most-used computer program ?
what is your favorite color ?
what 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
what is a fear of hell ?
what is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
what do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
what killed bob marley ?
what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
what language is mostly spoken in brazil ?
what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes 's don quixote ?
what did abolitionists try to end ?
what color was the hundred billionth crayon made by crayola ?
what predators exist on antarctica ?
what color are seven of every 10 houses in the u.s. ?
what is the chemical formula for napalm ?
what racehorse won an associated press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
what movie has made the most money ?
what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
what kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
what is the connection between new krypton and daxam ?
what are the first and last letters of the greek alphabet ?
what 's the international radio code word for the letter f ?
what does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
what sport is chris jogis a top player of ?
name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command .
which type of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
what 's known as the queen of drinks ?
what is the mascot for notre dame university ?
what tale has the moral : `` he who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
what creature scares people in the film `` jaws '' ?
what caribbean cult did marcus garvey originate ?
what part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the old west ?
what type of performer is ileana cotrubas ?
what are some of australia 's native flora ?
what are the most common elements in seawater ?
what is beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
what kind of patent did ermal fraze get in 1963 ?
in what religion was isis the nature goddess ?
what dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
what 1965 film had jack lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
what is a fear of ruin ?
aspartame is also called what ?
what famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of bugs moran 's outfit ?
what line of luggage is named after a famous american flier ?
what mary tyler moore show regular came into the world as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ?
what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
what game do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
what happened on january 15 , 1969 ?
what was the worst hurricane ?
what was the alternate to vhs ?
what is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
what letter does gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
what is the main language of sao paulo , brazil ?
what color are tennis balls ?
what ocean liner burned and sank in hong kong harbor ?
what war was fought by the spanish as far as the philippines ?
what shape-shifting menace did rom come to earth to fight ?
which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
what types of water pollution are there ?
what are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
what is the fastest fish in the world ?
what 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
what is the fear of cockroaches called ?
what new games are available for nintendo 64 ?
what did jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
what beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
what do west indian steel bands use as instruments ?
what 's the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
name a sioux language .
what did louis cartier invent for aviator santos dumont in 1940 ?
what events happened january 26 , 1978 ?
what materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
what is mississippi 's state animal ?
what is jell-o made from ?
what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
what homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the trojan wars ?
what war added jeep and quisling to the english language ?
what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ?
what is the mission of nike ?
what is the name of kevin costner 's movie about sioux indians ?
what is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which british troops killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
what type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
what 's the second-most-used vowel in english ?
which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in europe ?
what drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
what 2 statues did france give to other countries ?
what 's the official animal of canada ?
what are the different types of plastic ?
in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
what are the 28 tenses in the english language ?
what do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
what plants are found in an estuary ?
what infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
madonna hocks which soft drink ?
what credit card features a centurion on its face ?
the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines is called what ?
mississippi is nicknamed what ?
what english word contains the most letters ?
what is a fear of sinning ?
what does a heliologist study ?
name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays .
what was the 24-disc john gabel entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
what is a fear of women ?
what is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
what kind of car did janis joplin ask the lord to buy her ?
what kind of tree graces lebanon 's flag ?
what are the five basic swimming strokes ?
what is celebrated during the week of february 21-27 ?
what is a fear of being alone ?
name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
what disease does katharine hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
what organ contains the islands of langerhans ?
what game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
what was the name of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert 's wife ?
what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's possession by the devil ?
in what book can i find the story of aladdin ?
what is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
what is grenada 's main commodity export ?
what religion has the most members ?
what song put james taylor in the limelight ?
what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
what was edward albee 's first full-length play ?
name a medicine commonly used to combat aids ?
name a salt lake city newspaper .
what is the rarest coin ?
what animal received royal assent as an emblem of canada on march 24 , 1975 ?
what film or films has jude law appeared in ?
what carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
what aesop 's fable has the moral : `` the race is not always to the swift. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
what was the name of the famous battle between texas and mexico ?
name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats .
name four comic strips about pilots .
what 's the hungarian word for pepper ?
what is the english translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
what word occurs 46 , 227 times in the bible ?
what leon uris novel dealt with the russian capture of berlin ?
what measures did clinton take to avoid the draft ?
what does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
what are the most common breeding birds in the u.s. ?
what drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
what is the name of a salt lake city newspaper ?
what was the name of the protestant revolt against the supremacy of the pope ?
what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in new england ?
which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
what cards are bullets ?
what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
what international sport was originally called hurley ?
what sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
what is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
what animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
what are some ways to help someone with chicken pox ?
what was the name of the crimean meeting of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ?
how do you say `` eat the day '' in latin ?
what overalls are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ?
what is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
what 's a `` drinker respirator '' better known as ?
what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
what film was based on the play everybody comes to rick 's ?
what kind of rocket launched the surveyor spacecraft ?
what film did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar for ?
what star-faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
what was the first video ever made ?
what sport do you shag flies in ?
what do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent story jimmy 's world ?
what molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
what bowl game began as an east-west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
what non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
what board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
what dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
what cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
what are the names of the different toes ?
what are the two languages of malta ?
what must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
what is money made of ?
which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
what does a woman want ?
what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe raise ?
what did jimmy stewart invent ?
what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons ?
what is the fear of frogs ?
what are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
what is the name given to a group of geese ?
what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's baby girl has ?
what is one of the languages of the sioux ?
what animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
what was john steinbeck 's travelling companion charley ?
which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ?
what do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
what broadway musical featured the song , `` if i were a rich man ? ''
what chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
what 's the most powerful card in euchre ?
what book did aaron hass write ?
what color were their horses ?
what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
what is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
what is a fear of food ?
what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
what is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
what whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
what element , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
what is the scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
what was connecticut 's first constitution called ?
what is latin for incompetent ?
what was the name of robert fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
what film ends with the line : `` this is mrs. norman maine '' ?
what is the name of the second space shuttle ?
what is a common anti-aids drug ?
what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ?
what scale measures earthquakes ?
what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
what first-aid product `` helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
what is the nickname of the cleveland indians ?
what do chefs call the master spice ?
what does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
what does final four refer to in the sports world ?
what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
jude law acted in which film ?
what is a fear of fur ?
what was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
what are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
what italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
what is dr. seuss ' most popular book ?
italy is the largest producer of what ?
what three colors are on the french flag ?
what is the most widely cultivated plant ?
what do peacocks mate with ?
what powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
what 's the name of the tokyo stock exchange ?
what gender is not allowed to vote in kuwait ?
what 1981 candice bergen-jacqueline bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's old acquaintance ?
what is the most expensive car in the world ?
what is smokey the bear 's middle name ?
what ill-fated craft was captained by ernst lehmann ?
what instrument is ray charles best known for playing ?
what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
what do the japanese call japan ?
what 's the sequel to alice 's adventures in wonderland ?
what four forms does gold occur in ?
what kind of fruit is a yellow transparent ?
what is a fear of thunder ?
what was introduced commercially by bayer a.g. of leverkusen , in 1899 ?
what animals can live the longest without food ?
name an american made motorcycle .
what determines the value of the pearl ?
which of the five senses develops first ?
what was dwight eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
what was the eighth day following the nones in each month of the roman calendar called ?
what 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
what type is a snail ?
what are the titles of some r-rated sony playstation games ?
what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ?
what is the fear of being loved ?
the second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
what is one of the languages spoken by the sioux called ?
the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
what class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
what type of currency is used in china ?
which drug is commonly used to treat aids ?
what is chiricahua the name of ?
what do hasidic jews refrain from while dating ?
what was the killer whale who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
what was jimmy durante 's theme song ?
what is the west virginia state animal ?
what medium is stuart hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
what 1942 espionage movie reunited director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
what book does holden caulfield appear in ?
what five cards make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
what tv series features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
which cats pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
name a flying mammal .
what is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
what is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
what are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
what is a fear of punishment ?
what is the softest part of the body ?
what is april 's gemstone ?
which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
what 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
what 's the world 's most common compound ?
what was the monster in spielberg 's film `` jaws '' ?
what is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the marvel universe ?
what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ?
what did 8 , cd nns vbp to vb nnp pos nn .
what series of trials followed world war ii ?
in what ways did ivan iv support russian expansion ?
what hair color can i use to just cover a little gray ?
what is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
what chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
what are birds descendents of ?
what is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
what five-time winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
what are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
what is a fear of night or darkness ?
what films featured the character popeye doyle ?
what is the collective noun for geese ?
what was a california prayer book to an old west gambler ?
what snack food has ridges ?
what was the first english play written exclusively for children ?
what does a pedometer measure ?
what `` magic '' does mandrake employ ?
which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
what soft drink first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in 1885 ?
what color is the cross on switzerland 's flag ?
ray charles plays which instrument ?
what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ?
what soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
what did thomas paine write ?
what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
what is the longest english word ?
which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
what 's the literary term for a play on words ?
what does it take to be a hero ?
what football bowl game 's first queen was hallie woods ?
what animal migrates the farthest ?
what cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
what did brontosauruses eat ?
what is a fear of failure ?
what english word has the most letters ?
what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
what 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
what william makepeace thackeray novel was made into a film by stanley kubrick ?
what are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
what color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
what two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
what is supergirl 's secret identity ?
who did doris day mean when she said : `` i call him ernie because he 's certainly no rock '' ?
what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
who is nicolo paganini ?
what hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
who 's the lead singer of the led zeppelin band ?
who played the title role in the romantic englishwoman ?
who created the world wide web , www ?
who won the battle of gettysburg ?
who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ?
which member of charlie 's angels sang vocals for josie and the pussycats ?
what was the name of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ?
what is rona barrett 's married name ?
what english physician was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
what british commander surrendered to george washington at yorktown in 1781 ?
what member of the little rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in darla hood ?
who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ?
what 's mrs. bridges 's job on tv 's upstairs , downstairs ?
who were leaders of the byzantine empire ?
who is ishmael in moby dick ?
who is the president of stanford university ?
who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
what democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
what inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in july , 1984 ?
who won the first world series ?
what businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
who were the only two bald u.s. presidents ?
what 's the middle name of movie producer joseph e. levine ?
who did napolean defeat at jena and auerstadt ?
who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
who invented the moog synthesizer ?
which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in ventura county ?
who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of gasoline alley .
who was the architect of central park ?
who was the only person convicted in the my lai massacre ?
what football coach 's story was told in the movie run to daylight ?
what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
what manufacturers are there in texas ?
what mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie in north to alaska ?
who was the first man to return to space ?
what scottish poet penned to a mouse and to a louse ?
which major diamond producer is based in south africa ?
who founded the people 's temple commune ?
name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
what father and son won the medal of honor ?
what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
what terrorist group was headed by donald defreeze ?
name the two actress daughters of john mills .
who created private detective philip marlowe ?
what was fred astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
what asian leader was known as the little brown saint ?
who said of super bowl iii in 1969 : `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ?
who is the leader of brunei ?
who plays the cop in the movie `` kindergarten cop '' ?
name the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
what mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ?
what team did baseball 's st. louis browns become ?
name the various super-teams to which the angel has belonged .
who was jean nicolet ?
who said `` give me liberty or give me death '' ?
saddam hussein was compared to whom by president bush ?
what dynasty star made her 2th century-fox debut in the virgin queen ?
rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
what radio , tv and movie character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
what has been the most common christian name of u.s. presidents ?
who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
who shot lee harvey oswald ?
what was the name of the cook on rawhide ?
who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president 's men ?
what record company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
what 's comic strip photographer peter parker 's secret identity ?
who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
what comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ?
what fictional character is known as the `` melancholy dane '' ?
what company produces spumante ?
who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
what baseball great plugged mr. coffee ?
what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
name dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
what chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
what soviet leader owned a rolls-royce ?
what national league baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
who was the 1st u.s. president ?
who is the pope ?
who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
what doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` there is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
what are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
what is the occupation of nicholas cage ?
who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ?
whose image is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
whose kidnaping was termed the crime of the century ?
name a female figure skater .
what was michelangelo 's last name ?
which of the following celebrities was not born in philadelphia ?
which u.s. president is buried in washington , d.c. ?
who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
who protects dc comics ' realm of dreams ?
silly putty was invented by whom ?
name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials .
what little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
what was william f. cody 's better-known name ?
who discovered imaginary numbers ?
who is johnny carson ?
who is the `` queen mother '' ?
who made the first airplane that could fly ?
what are the names of jacques cousteau 's two sons ?
what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ?
who is the greek god of the sea ?
name the four horsemen of the apocalypse .
who declared : `` i am down on whores and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
who wrote the book , `` song of solomon '' ?
who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
what french designer declared : `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
name 11 famous martyrs .
who wrote the secret life of walter mitty ?
who painted mother and child ?
what japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
who created the comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
which classical spanish writer said `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
what is the best internet business to go into ?
who is stephen hawking ?
who made the first gas engine ?
what is the name of the deranged super-criminal otto octavius uses ?
what u.s. congressman said : `` keep the faith , baby '' .
which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes scholar ?
who built the first pyramid ?
which glamorous actress is a close friend of dick tracy ?
who is dear abby ?
who directed citizen kane ?
what is the most popular last name ?
what bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco ?
who wrote sons and lovers ?
who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
who was william henry harrison ?
which organization is the security council a part of ?
who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
what president 's ghost is said to haunt the white house ?
what president served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
what is steve rogers 's profession when he 's not captain america ?
what former president 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
what actress 's autobiography is titled shelley : also known as shirley ?
whose biography by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ?
who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
what green bay packers coach philosophized : `` there 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the field of engineering ?
what explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
what civilization invented the arch ?
who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
who was thucydides ?
what 2th-century american poet wrote a four-volume biography of abraham lincoln ?
who made the first airplane ?
what company 's trademark was his master 's voice ?
who are cartoondom 's super six ?
what is li 'l abner 's last name ?
name the creator of `` the muppets '' .
what was called the world 's largest department store ?
who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
who said : `` old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
what diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
name randy craft 's lawyer .
what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad boxes ?
who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
what 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
what professional sports league originated the college draft ?
what knighted actor narrates tv 's the world at war ?
who died with more than 1 , 000 u.s. patents to his credit ?
what television network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
what company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
who was monet ?
what 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the soviet communist party ?
in the past 8 years who have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
what engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
what argentine revolutionary fought with castro and died in bolivia in may , 1979 ?
who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
who is the voice of miss piggy ?
who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum '' ?
who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
who wrote brave new world ?
what is the real name of the singer , madonna ?
what is the name of the company that manufactures the `` american girl '' doll collection ?
what is jimmy olsen 's full name ?
what feminist wrote sexual politics and flying ?
what was the name of the us helicopter pilot shot down over north korea ?
who used auh2o as an election slogan ?
what famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
what company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
what attorney-general ordered the closing of alcatraz ?
who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
who was the 3rd president of the united states ?
what organization did mr. waverly assign agents for ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
what u.s. general died december 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
who invented the game scrabble ?
who produces spumante ?
what are the major companies that are part of dow jones ?
woodrow wilson served as president of what university ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
what is the name of the woman who was with john belushi when he died ?
what is the world 's largest distilling company ?
who is archie bunker 's son-in-law ?
what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
what new york yankee was known as the iron horse ?
who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
who was darius ?
what u.s. vice-president killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
what company named one of its pens `` the banana '' ?
who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
what well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
who killed gandhi ?
what 's the better-known identity of john merrick , the noble ogre of victorian england ?
who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
who penned : `` neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
what university fired angela davis ?
what department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
name the organization that is presided by a security council .
what presidential administration challenged americans to explore the new frontier ?
what are the four railways in monopoly ?
what poet wrote : `` ... i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep '' ?
what tv talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
who created the character of scrooge ?
what cheery fellow got the zip code 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
what is her profession ?
what college did joe namath play football for ?
who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ?
what is the present pope named ?
what buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
who wrote `` the scarlet letter '' ?
who was the girl in peter sellers 's soup ?
what was football star elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
who is desmond tutu ?
who is the incredible hulk in reality ?
who was gerald ford 's vice president ?
name the various costumed personas of dr. henry pym .
who is the voyager project manager ?
what is the name of a greek god ?
what fruit-topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
who gave king arthur the round table ?
what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
who was the first king of england ?
who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
what count did alexandre dumas write about ?
who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
who makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
what is the name of the american who was captured when his plane went down over syrian-held lebanon ?
what former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` space man '' ?
who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
what bottled-up tv character was born in baghdad ?
who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
what u.s. vice-president once declared : `` if you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
who says , `` if you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
what rock group raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ?
who played the title role in my favorite martian ?
who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
who invented the lawnmower ?
rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
what does larry king do for a living ?
what south vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
what was her real name ?
what is the name of joan jett 's band ?
what composer was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d. roosevelt ?
what was the backup singing group for roy rogers ?
who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
what are the top boy names in the u.s. ?
what actor said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
whose cover is that of an employee of universal import and export ?
who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ?
who was actress june havoc 's legendary sister ?
what was mao 's second name ?
name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
what professional cricketer 's son wrote the war of the worlds in 1898 ?
who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
who is shirley maclaine ?
who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
who is the founder of scientology ?
who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
what was the name of the first watergate special prosecutor , later fired by nixon ?
what is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
which radio stations air the jim bohannon radio talk show ?
what american naval officer broke japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
cnn is owned by whom ?
who is count cinzano ?
whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
what kind of organization is ` last chance for animals ' ?
what journalist can be found in and around walden puddle ?
what 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
what title does comedian henry youngman claim ?
who invented the electric guitar ?
what is a society ruled by elders ?
who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
who developed the first polio vaccine ?
which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
what actor was the first man to appear on the cover of mccall 's ?
which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
who is charles lindbergh ?
what actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading scotland forever ?
what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ?
who killed lee harvey oswald ?
who spoke the only word in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
which two inventors invented post-its ?
name a french fascist party .
who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ?
what ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
what singer 's hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
what occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
what character narrates treasure island ?
who died 1 feet from where john f. kennedy did ?
what international organization was founded by clara barton ?
who 's played the most games for the new york yankees ?
who wrote the lyrics to porgy and bess ?
what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy craft ?
who turned all he touched to gold ?
who invented the radio ?
what was thatcher 's first name ?
name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
what is the first personal computer company ?
what nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
who is the prophet of medina ?
who was bonnie blue butler 's father ?
what girl 's name is `` teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
what actress has received the most oscar nominations ?
who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ?
who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ?
who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
what is nathan hamill 's role in the new star wars prequel ?
what is the oldest profession ?
who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
what female faith healer wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ?
who created the monster in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
what is the name of the president of garmat u.s.a ?
who did sara jane moore try to assassinate ?
in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
what well-known actor is the father of star alan alda ?
what american actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
what french leader sold louisiana to the united states ?
what classical spanish writer warned : `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ?
what group kidnaped patricia hearst ?
who invented the wonderbra ?
what task does the bouvier breed of dog perform ?
who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ?
what creative genius said : `` everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
who stopped making diary entries on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
what director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
who is the owner of cnn ?
who shot billy the kid ?
what was the name of `` the muppets '' creator ?
who was the first american in space ?
what are the three most successful companies of our time ?
what artist 's studio was the bateau-lavoir in montmartre ?
who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
what character in the beverly hillbillies has the given names daisy moses ?
who portrayed w.c. fields in the film w.c. fields and me ?
who invented panties ?
who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ?
what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
who wrote the book , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
what u.s. vice-president said : `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
what party was winston churchill a member of ?
who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
who directed `` jaws '' ?
what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
who is the fastest guitarist ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
what kind of company is 7-eleven ?
who is the premier of china ?
what president had never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house ?
what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ?
what business exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
what was the name of the titanic 's captain ?
which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
what non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
what u.s. air force general led the first bombing raid over tokyo ?
what british prime minister and u.s. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
who is malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
what was the name of darth vader 's son ?
who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
who was damocles ?
who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
who wrote the night of the iguana ?
who has won the most super bowls ?
who told all in ball four ?
who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
who created dennis the menace ?
what president also became a supreme court justice ?
what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
what company 's logo is a `` w '' in a circle ?
who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
what president kissed the queen mother on the lips ?
who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
who was made the first honorary citizen of the u.s. ?
what u.s. senator once played basketball for the new york knicks ?
who plays shortstop for charlie brown 's baseball team ?
who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ?
what famous british actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
who was the king who signed the magna carta ?
what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
who is the worst us president ever ?
who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
which high schools are included in the south florida ice hockey league ?
what name does the world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
who painted `` soft self-portrait with grilled bacon '' ?
what was the name of humphrey bogart 's club in casablanca ?
what is the best art and design school in the world ?
who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
what card company sells christmas ornaments ?
who is the prophet of the religion of islam ?
who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
what fool is not so wise to lose an oath to win a paradise ?
what diminutive american female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 olympics ?
who is samuel f. pickering ?
who was the inventor of the stove ?
what is the protagonist 's name in dostoevski 's `` the idiot '' ?
who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
who is the french literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
what baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
who is the president of ghana ?
which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` outstanding mother award '' from the national mother 's day committee ?
who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service registration ?
which college did dikembe mutombo attend ?
who was jane goodall ?
what u.s. general was court-martialled for criticizing american air power ?
who killed caesar ?
who was jinnah ?
what group included abbey hoffman , jerry rubin , and tom hayden ?
whom does uncle duke 's girl friend , honey , room with ?
what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
who owns the rights on a tv program ?
who made the first surfboard ?
who was the tallest u.s. president ?
who earns their money the hard way ?
in what high-risk business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
who does the advertizing for frito-lay ?
who is the leader of india ?
what u.s. president had brothers-in-law in the confederate army ?
what pseudonym did william sydney porter use in writing the gift of the magi ?
who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
what longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
who owns cnn ?
who was the first american world chess champion ?
who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
what did the seven dwarfs do for a living ?
who was the lyricist and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
who is colin powell ?
who was confucius ?
who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
who invented `` the muppets '' ?
who 's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ?
what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
what president-to-be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
what two presidents of the u.s. published books of poetry ?
what russian master spy lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ?
who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
what was the business of the animated sky hawks ?
what mayor made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
what people make up half the soviet union 's population ?
who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ?
what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
who awarded the flying fickle finger of fate ?
what famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for blue nun wine ?
who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
who is henry butler ?
what name did football 's new york titans adopt in 1963 ?
what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
who is olive oyl 's brother ?
what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 children ?
who is the queen of holland ?
who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
what national basketball association superstar told his story in giant steps ?
what character did tex avery first create upon arriving at mgm ?
whose husbands have included conrad hilton jr. , and michael wilding ?
what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ?
what was the name of randy craft 's lawyer ?
what u.s. government agency registers trademarks ?
what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
which of the following people is not associated with andy warhol ?
what organization was founded by the rev. jerry falwell ?
what director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
who 's won the most oscars for costume design ?
who did arthur h. bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ?
what organization has a security council ?
what is the name of miss india 1994 ?
what apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
what wild and crazy guy wrote a book called cruel shoes ?
what hall of fame pitcher started three world series games for the new york yankees in 1962 ?
who developed potlatch ?
who played the father on `` charles in charge '' ?
name a south african diamond producer ?
what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson 's bakery ?
what astronomer-architect designed the present st. paul 's cathedral in london ?
what is drew barrymore 's middle name ?
which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's abdication ?
what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
who created the character james bond ?
what two commanders directed the forces in the battle of el alamein ?
who was israel 's first prime minister ?
who headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
who is the richest woman in the world ?
name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
who is the richest person in the world ?
who was lauren bacall 's first husband ?
what one of the backstreet boys are single ?
what company is the largest japanese ship builder ?
what mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
who was ben casey 's boss ?
what son of a 15-year-old mexican girl and a half-irish father became the world 's most famous greek ?
who were the head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
what were babe ruth 's christian names ?
name of the lady the great gatsby pines for ?
name of the powerful white trader in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
what world war ii leader declared : `` the blow has been struck '' ?
who wrote the ugly duckling ?
what was the nickname of model leslie hornby ?
who is the head of the world bank ?
what suburban housewife and mother of three wrote the feminine mystique ?
what comedian was born allen stewart konigsberg ?
what culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
who 's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
what jockey won 17 triple crown races ?
which of these are authors ?
what court does bob woodward describe in the brethren ?
who is the youngest of the beatles ?
who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland ?
what actress starred in `` the lion in winter '' ?
the name of the actor who played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
what actor first portrayed james bond ?
who was the first person inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ?
what actor came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ?
what singer sings `` oh boy '' ?
what president was assassinated by charles j. guiteau ?
who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
name the u.s. senate majority leader and the speaker of the house .
who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
who wrote ` the pines of rome ' ?
what appointments secretary to richard nixon went to jail ?
what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
what frenchman claimed the following ? if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
who is robin williams ?
who was the first woman in space ?
what labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
who came up with the name , el nino ?
what ivy league school plays its home games at palmer stadium ?
what former african leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
whose special bear 's creator was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
who directed the wild bunch ?
what nfl team did vince lombardi end his coaching career with ?
who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
who sings the themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
what cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` you 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
who does data collection in tourism ?
what is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
what group asked the musical question do you believe in magic ?
what baseball player was walked the most times ?
who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
who played emperor palpatine in star wars ?
who wrote the song , `` silent night '' ?
who played the original charlie 's angels ?
what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
what american league baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
who is the mayor of marbella ?
who domesticated the wild turkey ?
who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings ?
what famous model was married to billy joel ?
what was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ?
what government department did the untouchables work for ?
in the movie groundshog day what is the name of the character played by andie macdowell ?
who started the dominos pizza chain ?
who does the voices of the simpsons ?
who 's the founder and editor of the national review ?
what writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
what doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
what title did shevardnadze have during the soviet era ?
who made the rotary engine automobile ?
what was the name of randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
what cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
who is the president of bolivia ?
what is a person called that likes fire ?
who was the first governor of west virginia ?
name the three races unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics .
whose cupboard was bare ?
what two baseball players make up the battery ?
what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
who was the inventor of silly putty ?
name alvin 's brothers
what 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
who is desmond tutu ?
who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ?
who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ?
what good little witch is casper 's girlfriend ?
who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ?
who is coronado ?
name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
what u.s. president was the first to breed mules ?
what was the infamous pseudonym of peter sutcliffe ?
what was al capone 's nickname ?
what six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
what were the last names of gangsters bonnie and clyde ?
who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
whose video is titled shape up with arnold ?
what company sells the most greeting cards ?
what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut 's comic strip ?
who did the seven mules block for ?
who wrote the song , `` stardust '' ?
who was tiny tim 's father ?
which german president was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ?
who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
what apostle is taylor caldwell 's great lion of god ?
who owns the st. louis rams ?
whose funeral train traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ?
what company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ?
who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
what explorers followed columbus to the americas ?
what baseball team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
who is the most sexy celebrity ?
who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
what is the name of dolly parton 's rarely seen husband ?
who is zebulon pike ?
who followed caesar ?
what role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
what batman character tools around on a batcycle ?
what american poet wrote : `` good fences make good neighbors '' ?
who was the pride of the yankees ?
what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ?
who are woody woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
what actor married john f. kennedy 's sister ?
what toy company is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
what president 's favorite biblical quotation was : `` come now , and let us reason together '' .
which presidents of the usa were masons ?
what 2th-century fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
who invented basketball ?
who painted the sistine chapel ?
what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
who first broke the sound barrier ?
who was picasso ?
what is michael jackson 's middle name ?
what university football team did o.j. simpson take to the rose bowl ?
what actor and actress have made the most movies ?
who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ?
who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
what are the only players eligible to score points in roller derby called ?
what was the name of the confederate mounted guerrilla group with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ?
what catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities ?
what information can you tell me about actor james cromwell ?
who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
name pittsburgh 's baseball team .
whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
what is alice cooper 's real name ?
who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
which king signed the magna carta ?
name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four 's thing .
who portrayed renaud in casablanca ?
name the two youngsters saved by the animated moby dick .
who is the sexiest women in the world ?
what are the residents of the island of lesbos called ?
what is the best college in the country ?
who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official mascot ?
what was mao , the chinese leader 's , full name ?
what 's the name of pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
who is barbara jordan ?
what is goldfinger 's first name ?
what stereo manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its time '' ?
what chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
who played maria in the film west side story ?
what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
who is the father of the computer ?
who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity ?
who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
what is a person called that likes fire ?
who invented television ?
when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his profession ?
name the first private citizen to fly in space .
who sought to create the great society ?
what english queen had seventeen children ?
what store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
who said , `` i shall return . '' during world war two ?
who found hawaii ?
who played lucas mccain on the rifleman ?
what u.s. university boasts the largest library ?
what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ?
whose first presidential order was : `` let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ?
what american sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
who killed martin luther king ?
who is westview high 's band director in funky winkerbean ?
what british general surrendered to the colonial army at saratoga ?
which former ku klux klan member won an elected office in the u.s. ?
who made stonehenge ?
who was the first elected mayor of washington , d.c. ?
what was eduard shevardnadze 's job in the soviet union ?
what police force did mack sennett create ?
who invented the stethoscope ?
what radio station did paul harvey work for ?
what was the previous name for the commonwealth ?
who invented astroturf ?
what comedienne calls her sister-in-law captain bligh and her mother-in-law moby dick ?
what 19th-century writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
what english explorer discovered and named virginia ?
who markets spaghetti-o 's ?
who was camp david named for ?
who was whitcomb judson ?
who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
what english playwright penned : `` where the bee sucks , so shall i '' ?
what title did suzette charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
what president was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the hudson river at hyde park , new york ?
who patented the first phonograph ?
what major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
what future soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to marxism ?
who was darth vader 's son ?
what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
who was the president of vichy france ?
what was the nickname of german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
name the on stage character whose face was never seen .
who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
who created `` the muppets '' ?
what is the name of the brilliant british economist behind its creation ?
what kind of women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
what california governor said : `` inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
who was the lawyer for randy craft ?
who sells viagra ?
who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
what is dr. ruth 's last name ?
whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros. cartoon ranks ?
who was hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
who invented the paper clip ?
who invented silly putty ?
what is pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
who founded the unification church ?
which of the following men was not married to rita hayworth ?
what comedian was the perfect fool ?
who is the prime minister of japan ?
who declared : `` i think i 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
who 's the king of swing ?
who is mia farrow 's mother ?
what college football team did knute rockne build into a power ?
who invented volleyball ?
who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
who wrote the godfather ?
who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
what is the name of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election ?
who discovered electricity ?
what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
which nba players had jersey number 0 ?
who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
what new orleans d.a. claimed : `` my staff and i solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
what asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
what is the best distance education university or college ?
who wrote ` hamlet ' ?
who is the composer of `` canon in d major '' ?
what organization is the security council a part of ?
who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
what was the occupation of mandy rice-davies ?
who is the creator of `` the muppets '' ?
who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox ?
who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
name one of the major gods of hinduism .
who was the supreme god of germanic religion ?
who was samuel johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
who wrote the sci-fi trilogy foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ?
which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three times ?
what are the top ten all-time money making nfl teams ?
who is terrence malick ?
who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
who was scrooge 's dead partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
what are arnold palmer 's fans called ?
who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
who is the director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
who invented the toothbrush ?
who was the star of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
what is the name of the firm that makes spumante ?
who 's the only u.s. president to have won a pulitzer prize ?
who was garrett morgan married to ?
what woman was time 's man of the year for 1952 ?
what team did babe ruth play his first major league game for ?
what robust u.s. president imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
which rockefeller was sometimes called `` jdr3 '' ?
who is the prime minister in norway ?
who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ?
who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
what record company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
name one of king henry viii 's wives .
who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
what boxer 's life story is titled raging bull ?
what kind of people took part in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
who was the oldest u.s. president ?
who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden firestorm ?
who became president of the u.s. in 1789 ?
what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , creator of the hero lew archer ?
who is prince naseem hamed ?
what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
what player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
who killed kurt cobain ?
who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
who won the superbowl in ?
what author was appointed u.s. ambassador to spain in 1842 ?
who created maudie frickett ?
whose old london come-on was : `` buy my sweet lavender '' ?
who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television show ?
who won oscars for her roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
what was the ventura county police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
which team won the super bowl in 1968 ?
who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
what president once told gene autry : `` please give my regards to your wife dale '' ?
what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
what tennis player has the nickname `` nasty '' ?
who portrayed the title character in the film the day of the jackal ?
who were the yankee 's frequent enemies ?
who is peter weir ?
what fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
who designed london bridge ?
what hockey player did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
who was the prophet of the jewish people ?
what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ?
what king boycotted prince charles 's wedding ?
what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
what kind of business is 7-eleven ?
who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
what does nicholas cage do for a living ?
what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by nancy and chuck .
what wrestling star became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
who invented batteries ?
name of scholar on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
who was the last woman executed in england ?
what actor and world war ii airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by hermann goering ?
who wrote nn dt nnp nnp '' ?
what is the viking prince 's first name ?
what author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
who was red grange ?
what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ?
what barroom judge called himself the law west of the pecos ?
what famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
what is the real name of disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
which member of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
which of the following actors worked in new york 's yiddish theater ?
who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
who is the son-in-law of sen. everett dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ?
what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
what is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
what baseball player was known as charley hustle ?
who 's the only president buried in washington
who was the first person to study the stars ?
what was queen victoria 's title regarding india ?
what well-known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
what was the role of the medieval guild ?
who bestowed great power upon captain britain ?
what british monarch 's lap did p.t. barnum 's tom thumb sit in ?
what was darth vader 's son named ?
who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
what english queen had six fingers on one hand ?
who is langston hughes ?
who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
what political party is sinn fein a part of ?
what is the most common name ?
what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
who shoplifts ?
what pillar of the dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating the bust of homer ?
who was lacan ?
what baseball team became the minnesota twins ?
which of the seven dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
whose singing voice was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
who created big ben ?
what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ?
what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
what comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
what italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
who were the picts ?
what is larry king 's job ?
who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
who invented the game bowling ?
the lawyer who represented randy craft , what was his name ?
what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
who was sherlock holmes 's archenemy ?
who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first secretary of the communist party ?
what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
who said : `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
what famous communist leader died in mexico city ?
what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
name the lawyer for randy craft .
who gave us the `` rolling writer '' ?
who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ?
what actor 's autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ?
what state in the u.s. has the most blacks ?
which country is the largest country in latin america ?
what is the country of origin for the name thomas ?
what is drew barrymore 's email address ?
where did the ukulele originate ?
what country is the origin of the band the creeps ?
what is the fastest growing state in the u.s.a. in 1998 ?
what japanese city was once called edo ?
what is the principal river of ireland ?
which way do you turn your bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
when was berlin 's brandenburg gate erected ?
what year were the olympic games played in where nadia comaneci became popular ?
when did thatcher become prime minister ?
how many visitors go to the vatican each year ?
how many chairs are shown in vincent van gogh 's 188 work the artist 's room in arles ?
how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
how many bottles of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ?
how many points is a disk in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
how far can a man travel in outer space ?
how many teats does a female goat sport ?
